the home you 're tearing down is a song written by betty sue perry that was originally recorded by american country artist loretta lynn .	i 'm a honky tonk girl is a song written and performed by american country artist loretta lynn that was also released as her debut single .	before i 'm over you is a song written by betty sue perry that was originally recorded by american country artist loretta lynn .	before i 'm over you is a song written by betty sue perry that was originally recorded by american country artist loretta lynn .	i know how is a song written and originally performed by american country music artist loretta lynn .	coal miner 's daughter is an autobiographical 1969 country music song written and performed by loretta lynn .	dear uncle sam is a song written and originally recorded by american country artist loretta lynn .	honky tonk blues was a hit country and western song written and performed by hank williams .	one 's on the way is a song made famous by country music singer loretta lynn .	white christmas blue is the second christmas album by american country music singer-songwriter loretta lynn .	success is a song written by johnny mullins that was originally recorded by american country artist loretta lynn .	honky tonk moon is a song written by dennis o'rourke , and recorded by american country music artist randy travis .	honky tonk women is a 1969 hit song by the rolling stones .	honky tonk stomp is a song recorded by american country music duo brooks dunn .	the pill is a 1975 country music song recorded by loretta lynn .	hard days and honky tonk nights is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist earl thomas conley .	fist city is a country music song written and performed by loretta lynn , released in 1968 .	what kind of a girl ( do you think i am ) is a song written by loretta lynn and teddy wilburn that was also recorded by loretta lynn .	little miss honky tonk is a song written by ronnie dunn , and recorded by american country music duo brooks dunn .	you 're lookin ' at country is a country music song written and made famous by loretta lynn in 1971 .
shine is a song written and recorded by american country music artist waylon jennings .	my rough and rowdy days is a song recorded by the american country music artist waylon jennings .	never could toe the mark is a song written and recorded by american country music artist waylon jennings .	if ole hank could only see us now is a song co-written and recorded by the american country music artist waylon jennings .	waltz me to heaven is a song written by dolly parton , and recorded by american country music artist waylon jennings .	rainy day woman is a song written and recorded by american country music artist waylon jennings .	women do know how to carry on is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist waylon jennings .	fallin ' out is a song written by denny lile , and recorded by american country music artist waylon jennings .	which way do i go ( now that i 'm gone ) is a song recorded by american country music artist waylon jennings .	are you sure hank done it this way is a song written and performed by american country music artist waylon jennings .	somewhere between ragged and right is a song recorded by american country music artist john anderson featuring waylon jennings .	i 've always been crazy is a song written and recorded by american country artist waylon jennings .	this time is a song written and performed by the american country music artist waylon jennings .	good hearted woman is a song written by country music singers waylon jennings and willie nelson .	come with me is a song written by chuck howard and recorded by american country music artist waylon jennings .	what you 'll do when i 'm gone is a song written by larry butler , and recorded by american country music artist waylon jennings .	sweet dream woman is a song written by chip taylor and al gorgoni , and recorded by american country music artist waylon jennings .	drinkin ' and dreamin ' is a song written by troy seals and max d. barnes , and recorded by american country music artist waylon jennings .	the eagle is a song written by mack vickery , hank cochran , and red lane , and recorded by american country music artist waylon jennings .	you ask me to is a song written by billy joe shaver and waylon jennings .
the beat goes on is a song by english rock band beady eye .	the beat goes on is a song by english rock band beady eye .	wall of glass is a song and debut solo single by english singer and songwriter liam gallagher .	cigarettes alcohol is a song by english rock band oasis , written by noel gallagher .	elephant is a song by australian psychedelic rock band tame impala .	as you were is the debut solo studio album by english singer and songwriter liam gallagher .	as you were is the debut solo studio album by english singer and songwriter liam gallagher .	chinatown is a song by english singer-songwriter liam gallagher .	songbird is a song by english rock band oasis , from their fifth studio album heathen chemistry , and is the first single by oasis written by vocalist liam gallagher .	true original is a song by dave audé featuring andy bell released on january 1 , 2016 .	do n't say you love me is a song written , produced and performed by erasure ( vince clarke and andy bell ) .	champagne supernova is a song by english rock band oasis , written by guitarist noel gallagher .	stoner is a song by american hip hop recording artist young thug .	acquiesce is a song by the english rock band oasis , written by noel gallagher .	shakermaker is a song by the english rock band oasis , written by lead guitarist noel gallagher .	sister europe is a song by the english rock band the psychedelic furs , taken from the band 's 1980 debut album , the psychedelic furs .	stand by me is a song by the english rock band oasis , written by lead guitarist , noel gallagher .	stand by me is a song by the english rock band oasis , written by lead guitarist , noel gallagher .	conquistador is a song by the british psychedelic rock band procol harum .	do n't call us , we 'll call you is a hit song by the psychedelic rock band sugarloaf .
love will find a way is a song by the progressive rock band yes , from their 1987 album big generator .	saving my heart is a song by british rock band yes , written and produced by yes guitarist trevor rabin .	changes is a song by english band yes , from their 1983 album , 90125 .	generator is a foo fighters song , released as a single in 2000 from their third album there is nothing left to lose .	into the lens is a song written by trevor horn and geoff downes .	clean , clean is a song composed by trevor horn , geoff downes and bruce woolley .	state of independence is a song written by jon anderson and vangelis .	big sky country is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter and guitarist , chris whitley .	twist of fate is a song written by lasse `` yogi '' anderson and emilia rydberg , and recorded by emilia rydberg on her 1998 album big big world .	yes , i 'm ready a song by barbara mason from her album yes , i 'm ready ( 1965 ) .	good sign är is a song written by lasse `` yogi '' anderson and emilia rydberg , and recorded by emilia rydberg on her 1998 album big big world .	mississippi moon is a song written by tony joe white and carson whitsett , and recorded by american country music artist john anderson .	whiskey lullaby is a song composed by bill anderson and jon randall .	i 'll find my way home is a song written by jon anderson and vangelis for the jon and vangelis ' 1981 album the friends of mr cairo .	i 've cried my last tear for you is a song written by chris waters and tony king , and recorded by american country music singer ricky van shelton .	commitment is a song written by tony colton , tony marty and bobby wood , and recorded by american country music artist leann rimes .	oui , oui , oui , oui ( `` yes , yes , yes , yes '' ) was the french entry in the eurovision song contest 1959 , performed in french by jean philippe .	sometimes is a 1975 song written by bill anderson , and performed by bill anderson and mary lou turner .	big deal is a song written by jeffrey steele and al anderson , and recorded by american country music artist leann rimes .	love 's gon na make it alright is a song written by al anderson and chris stapleton , and recorded by american country music singer george strait .
sorry is a song by american hip hop recording artist t.i.	i wan na fight your father is a song by irish comedy duo the rubberbandits taken as their second single .	roses is a song by american hip hop duo outkast .	natalie 's rap 2.0 is a song written and recorded by american comedy hip hop group the lonely island and features natalie portman with beck bennett and alex moffat .	girls is a song by british hip hop group n-dubz .	what you know is a grammy award-winning hip hop song by southern hip hop recording artist t.i. , released as the lead single from his fourth studio album king ( 2006 ) .	hip hop hooray is a song by american hip hop group , naughty by nature .	shifftee is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	changes is a hip hop song by 2pac featuring talent .	i just had sex is a song by american comedy hip hop group the lonely island featuring american singer akon and producer dj frank e .	1955 is a song by australian hip hop group , hilltop hoods .	me-o-mi-o is a song by american hip hop artist casual .	u understand is song by american hip hop artist juvenile .	the toronto song is a comedy song by canadian comedy group three dead trolls in a baggie .	the hard road is a song by australian hip hop group , hilltop hoods .	slam is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	react is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	strong again is a song by british hip hop trio , n-dubz .	hop is back is a song by american hip hop recording artist hopsin .	rosa parks is a song by the hip hop group outkast .
the man is a song by american vocalist aloe blacc .	you is a song recorded by the australian singer nathaniel .	you 're beautiful is a song recorded by australian singer-songwriter nathaniel willemse .	live louder is a song recorded by australian singer-songwriter nathaniel willemse .	s.o.b. is a song by american rock band nathaniel rateliff the night sweats .	dynamite is a song by recording artist liza fox .	expressway to your heart is a song written by kenny gamble and leon huff and performed by the soul survivors .	i pity the fool is a soul blues song originally recorded by bobby bland in 1961 for his first duke records album , two steps from the blues .	smooth sailin ' is a song co-written 2 and performed by american rhythm and blues singer leon bridges , issued as the second single from his debut studio album coming home .	tramp is a soul blues song written by west coast blues artists lowell fulson and jimmy mccracklin .	dynamite is a song recorded by canadian country music group desert dolphins .	nick jonas is the second eponymous solo studio album by american singer-songwriter nick jonas .	shape i 'm in is a pop song written by joe camilleri , jeff burstin and tony faehse and recorded by australian blues , rock and r b band jo jo zep the falcons .	just one kiss is a song by american singer-songwriter , nick carter .	so young is a pop song written by joe camilleri , jeff burstin and tony faehse and recorded by australian blues , rock and r b band jo jo zep the falcons .	i will return is a pop song written by joe camilleri , jeff burstin and tony faehse and recorded by australian blues , rock and r b band jo jo zep the falcons .	hit and run is a pop song written by joe camilleri , jeff burstin and tony faehse and recorded by australian blues , rock and r b band jo jo zep the falcons .	delorean dynamite is a song by norwegian dj todd terje .	dallas blues , written by hart wand , is an early blues song , first published in 1912 .	sugar , sugar is a song written by jeff barry and andy kim .
complex is a song by british musician gary numan .	metal is a song by gary numan from his 1979 album the pleasure principle .	this wreckage is a song written and performed by gary numan .	i die : you die is a song by the british musician gary numan , released as a single in august 1980 .	this little girl is a song by gary u.s .	we are glass is a song by the british singer gary numan .	we take mystery ( to bed ) is a 1982 song by the british musician gary numan .	warriors is a song written and recorded by english musician gary numan , released in 1983 as a 7 '' and 12 '' single from his fifth solo studio album , warriors .	i ca n't stop is a song by english musician gary numan , released in 1986 as the second single from his eighth studio album strange charm .	i ran ( so far away ) , 1 also released as `` i ran '' , is a song by english new wave band a flock of seagulls .	wonderful is a song by british singer gary go , released on 16 february 2009 as the first and debut single from his debut album gary go .	open road is the debut solo album by british singer-songwriter gary barlow .	she 's got claws is a 1981 song by gary numan .	down in the park is a 1979 song by the english band tubeway army , featuring lead vocals by gary numan .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	this girl is a woman now is a song written by victor millrose and alan bernstein and was recorded by gary puckett the union gap for their 1969 album , the new gary puckett and the union gap album .	let me go is a song by british singer-songwriter gary barlow .	change your mind is a song recorded by synth-pop duo sharpe numan .	lollipop is a pop song written by julius dixson 1 and beverly ross in 1958 .	do n't give in to him is a song written by gary usher , produced by dick glasser and recorded by gary puckett the union gap for their 1969 album , the new gary puckett and the union gap album .
feels like i 'm in love is a song recorded by scottish singer kelly marie .	marie is a 2002 song recorded by french singer johnny hallyday .	äntligen is a song written by marie fredriksson and mikael bolyos , and recorded by marie fredriksson on the album äntligen in the year 2000 , as well as released as a single the same year .	uproar is a song written by paul grady and performed by anne murray .	i can see arkansas is a song recorded by canadian country music artist anne murray .	the call is a song written by gene maclellan and performed by anne murray .	a little good news is a song recorded by canadian country music artist anne murray .	oui , oui , marie is a 1918 song performed by arthur fields .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	what about me is a song written by scott mckenzie and performed by anne murray .	the day i met marie is a song by cliff richard , released as single in august 1967 .	everybody 's crazy ` bout my baby is a song recorded by american country music artist marie osmond .	bag skyerne is a song by danish singer and songwriter anne gadegaard .	square biz is a song by american r b singer , teena marie .	i beg of you is a song written by rose marie mccoy and kelly owens .	homebreaker is a song written by skeeter davis and marie wilson .	cherry , cherry is a song written , composed , and recorded in february - march 1966 by american musician neil diamond .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .
'' 'til love comes again '' is a song recorded by american country music artist reba mcentire .	if you asked me to is a song written by american songwriter diane warren .	how do i live is a song written by diane warren .	time , love and tenderness is a song written by diane warren and performed by michael bolton .	fallin ' out of love is a song written by jon ims , and recorded by american country music artist reba mcentire .	blue eyes blue is a pop song written by american songwriter diane warren .	saving forever for you is a song performed by shanice and written by diane warren .	back to god is a song performed by american singer , reba mcentire .	little girl is a song written by kendal franceschi and quentin powers , and recorded by american country artist reba mcentire .	i keep on loving you is a song recorded by american country music singer reba mcentire .	my sister is a song written by amy dalley , bonnie baker and roxie dean , and recorded by american country music artist reba mcentire .	only in my mind is a song written and recorded by american country music artist reba mcentire .	oklahoma swing is a song recorded by american country music artists vince gill and reba mcentire .	ca n't even get the blues is a song written by tom damphier and rick carnes , and recorded by american country music artist reba mcentire .	just a little love is a song written by stephen allen davis and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist reba mcentire .	for my broken heart is a song written by keith palmer and liz hengber , and recorded by american country music singer reba mcentire .	let the music lift you up is a song written by troy seals and eddie setser , and recorded by american country artist reba mcentire .	the fear of being alone is a song written by walt aldridge and bruce miller , and recorded by american country music singer reba mcentire .	today all over again is a song written by bobby harden and lola jean dillon , and recorded by american country music artist reba mcentire .	is there life out there is a song written by susan longacre and rick giles , and recorded by american country music singer reba mcentire .
sister of mercy is a song by the british pop group thompson twins .	dominion is a song by english rock band the sisters of mercy .	under the gun is a song by the sisters of mercy from their album a slight case of overbombing : greatest hits vol .1 .	mercy is a song by american rock band dave matthews band .	more is a song by the sisters of mercy , from their album vision thing .	lucretia my reflection is a song by english rock band the sisters of mercy .	mercy is a song written and performed by french duo madame monsieur .	doctor jeep is a song by the sisters of mercy , from their album vision thing .	within me is a song by italian gothic metal band lacuna coil .	mercy is a song by canadian singer and songwriter shawn mendes .	happiness is a song by the pointer sisters .	my old new hampshire home is an 1898 song that was the first popular hit of composer harry von tilzer , with lyrics by andrew b. sterling .	she 's in parties is a song by english gothic rock band bauhaus .	mercy , mercy ( sometimes referred to as `` have mercy '' ) is a soul song first recorded by american singer/songwriter don covay in 1964 .	ballad of cleo and joe is a song by american singer-songwriter cyndi lauper , taken from her fifth studio album , sisters of avalon ( 1996 ) .	mercy , mercy , mercy is a jazz song written by joe zawinul in 1966 for julian `` cannonball '' adderley and his album mercy , mercy , mercy !	the schuyler sisters is the fifth song from act 1 of the musical hamilton , based on the life of alexander hamilton , which premiered on broadway in 2015 .	sings the songs of andrew lloyd webber is a studio album from shirley bassey released in 1993 .	take that look off your face is the title of a hit song by musical theatre composer andrew lloyd webber .	i love the sound of breaking glass is a song written by nick lowe , andrew bodnar , and steve goulding and performed by lowe .
we will rock you is a song written by brian may and recorded by queen for their 1977 album news of the world .	sweet lady is a song by british rock band queen , which was written by queen guitarist brian may .	dragon attack is a song by the british rock band queen and written by the band 's lead guitarist , brian may .	driven by you is a song by queen 's lead guitarist brian may .	killer queen is a tribute album of queen songs .	tie your mother down is a song by the british rock band queen , written by lead guitarist brian may .	headlong is a song by the british rock band queen .	innuendo is a song by the british rock band queen .	flash is a song by the british rock band queen .	killer queen is a song by the british rock band queen .	hard as a rock is a song and a single by the australian hard rock band ac/dc .	good company is a song by british rock band queen , which was written by brian may .	scandal is a song by the british rock band queen .	breakthru is a song by the british rock band queen .	the invisible man is a song by the british rock band queen , written by drummer roger taylor but credited to queen .	it 's a hard life is a song by the british rock band queen , written by lead singer freddie mercury .	no secrets is a song by australian hard rock group , the angels , released in may 1980 from their album , dark room .	out of time is a song by american hard rock band stone temple pilots , released as a free download on may 19 , 2013 via the band 's official website .	shake your foundations is a song and single by australian hard rock band ac/dc , written by angus and malcolm young and brian johnson .	god only knows is a song written by brian wilson and tony asher for american rock band the beach boys , released in may 1966 as the eighth track on the group 's album pet sounds .
show out is a song by american hip hop recording artist juicy j .	superstar is a song recorded by south korean pop duo tohoshinki , taken from their fifth japanese studio album , tone ( 2011 ) .	thunder is a song by english recording artist jessie j .	laserlight is a song by british singer-songwriter jessie j featuring french dj david guetta , taken from the re-release edition of jessie j 's debut studio album , who you are .	smoke , drink , break-up is a song by american recording artist mila j .	price tag is a song by english singer-songwriter jessie j , featuring american rapper b.o.b .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	real deal is a song by english singer and songwriter jessie j .	bandz a make her dance is a song by american hip hop recording artist juicy j .	champion sound is a song by english big beat musician fatboy slim from his compilation album the greatest hits - why try harder .	suga suga is a song recorded by american rapper baby bash , featuring frankie j .	cherry , cherry is a song written , composed , and recorded in february - march 1966 by american musician neil diamond .	do it like a dude is the debut single by british singer-songwriter jessie j .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	think about that is a song by english singer and songwriter jessie j .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .	4 , 3 , 2 , 1 is a song by ll cool j featuring method man redman , canibus and dmx from ll cool j 's seventh album phenomenon as the second single .	do n't wan na try is a song by r b singer frankie j .	ginza is a song performed by colombian singer j balvin .
automatic is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist miranda lambert .	all kinds of kinds is a song recorded by american country music artist miranda lambert .	dead flowers is a song written and recorded by american country music artist miranda lambert .	bring me down is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist miranda lambert .	gunpowder lead is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist miranda lambert .	beggin pleadin is song by american recording artist brandy .	smokin ' and drinkin ' is a song recorded as a duet by american country music artist miranda lambert and american country music group little big town .	follow your arrow is a song recorded by american country music singer and songwriter kacey musgraves .	afrodisiac is a song by american recording artist brandy .	never say never is a song recorded by american recording artist brandy norwood .	dancing crazy is a song by american recording artist miranda cosgrove .	the house that built me is a song written by tom douglas and allen shamblin , and recorded by american country music artist miranda lambert .	secrets is a song recorded by american recording artist mary lambert .	over you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist miranda lambert .	hang out with you is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter mary lambert .	in a big country is a song by scottish rock band big country .	baby is a song by american r b recording artist brandy , taken from her debut studio album brandy ( 1994 ) .	two fux is a song by american singer-songwriter adam lambert .	talk to me is a song by american recording artists brandy , ray j and willie norwood .	dream on is a song written by dennis lambert and brian potter , and recorded by the american country music group the oak ridge boys .
dis morning is a song by the american hip hop recording artist rocko .	illusions is a song by american hip hop group cypress hill .	roses is a song by american hip hop duo outkast .	latin lingo is a song by american hip hop group cypress hill .	highlife is a song by american hip hop group cypress hill .	ca n't get the best of me is a song by american hip hop group cypress hill .	changes is a hip hop song by 2pac featuring talent .	girls is a song by british hip hop group n-dubz .	hip hop hooray is a song by american hip hop group , naughty by nature .	boom biddy bye bye is a song by american hip hop group cypress hill .	u understand is song by american hip hop artist juvenile .	love you down is the title of an r b song written by melvin riley jr .	b boy is a song by american hip hop recording artist meek mill .	hop is back is a song by american hip hop recording artist hopsin .	funk you up is a 1979 old school hip hop song recorded by the sequence for sugar hill records .	oopdeewopdee is a hip hop , r b , and soul song by casablanca records recording group nss16 .	react is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	lost my way is a hip hop song performed by english singer-songwriter plan b .	slam is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	gone is a song by american indie pop band jr jr from their self-titled third album , jr jr in 2015 .
time is a song by american rock band hootie the blowfish .	drowning is a song by american rock band hootie the blowfish .	tucker 's town is a song by american rock group hootie the blowfish .	only wan na be with you is a song by american rock band hootie the blowfish .	i will wait is a song by american rock group hootie the blowfish .	radio is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist darius rucker .	let her cry is a song by american rock band hootie the blowfish .	for the first time is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist darius rucker .	ai n't talkin ' ` bout love is a song by american rock band van halen .	the cover of ` rolling stone ' is a song written by shel silverstein and first recorded by american rock group dr .	ai n't thinkin ' ` bout you is a song by rapper bow wow .	nuthin ' but a ` g ' thang is a song by american rapper dr .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	do n't be messin ' ` round is a song by american recording artist michael jackson .	talkin ' ` bout you is a song written by ray charles .	'' ` crimen ' '' ( spanish for crime ) is a song written and recorded by argentine rock musician gustavo cerati .	'' ` movin ' on '' is a song written and recorded by english girl group bananarama .	the goonies ` r ' good enough is a 1985 song by american singer cyndi lauper .	je t ` aime , je t ` aime , je t ` aime is a song by french singer johnny hallyday from his 1974 studio album je t ` aime , je t ` aime , je t ` aime .	'' ` face the face ' '' is a song by pete townshend .
queen of dreams is a song performed by english band strawbs and written by dave cousins .	the flower and the young man is a song by english band strawbs written by dave cousins .	on growing older is a song by english band strawbs written by dave cousins .	forever is a song by english band strawbs written by dave cousins and tony hooper .	children of the grave is a song by black sabbath from their 1971 album master of reality .	new world coming is a pop song written by barry mann and cynthia weil .	the journey 's end is a song by english band strawbs , written by dave cousins and blue weaver .	flowers on the grave is a song by swedish singer and songwriter september .	animate is a song by canadian progressive rock band rush .	time is a song by english progressive rock band pink floyd .	world in motion is a song by british musical group new order ( credited as england new order ) .	limelight is a song by the canadian progressive rock band rush .	sole survivor is a song by progressive rock band asia .	loyal is a single by new zealand singer/songwriter dave dobbyn , released in 1988 from the album of the same name .	angel is a song recorded by english singer tina cousins .	welcome home is a single by new zealand singer/songwriter dave dobbyn , released in 2006 from the album available light .	til the world ends is a song written by dave loggins and performed by three dog night .	half the world is a song and single by progressive rock band rush from their 1996 album test for echo .	language is a single by new zealand singer/songwriter dave dobbyn , released in 1994 as the first single from the twist album .	the ocean must be free is a world war i era song co-written by dave kohn lew flint in 1917 .
bon , bon is a song by american rapper pitbull from his fifth studio album , armando .	maldito alcohol is a song by american rapper pitbull from his fifth studio album , armando .	vida 23 is a song from american rapper pitbull 's fifth studio album , armando .	secret admirer is a song by american rapper pitbull featuring lloyd .	crunk muzik is a song by rapper jim jones from his debut studio album on my way to church .	perfect day is a song by american hip hop recording artist jim jones released as the lead single from his fifth studio album capo .	na na nana na na is a song by american hip hop recording artist jim jones , released as the second single from his fourth studio album , pray iv reign ( 2009 ) .	pop champagne is a song by american hip hop recording artists ron browz and jim jones , featuring fellow american rapper juelz santana .	as long as i live is a song by george jones .	happy pills is a song by the american singer-songwriter norah jones .	better start talking is a song by american singer donell jones .	better start talking is a song by american singer donell jones .	achin ' , breakin ' heart is a song by george jones .	doctor jones is a song by danish dance-pop group aqua .	play it cool , man is a song by george jones .	love like this is a song by r b singer-songwriter donell jones .	sex bomb is a 1999 song recorded by welsh singer tom jones .	love bites is a 1996 song by grace jones .	big harlan taylor is a song by george jones .	basketball jones featuring tyrone shoelaces is a song by cheech and chong that first appeared on the 1973 album los cochinos .
forever is a song by belgian dance music group dee dee .	cherry wine is a 1953 song by little esther written by henry glover .	joey 's song is a 1959 instrumental single released by bill haley his comets .	stay is a song by american rock band black stone cherry , written by the band along with joey moi .	the mountain 's high is a 1961 hit r b song written and performed by the california duo dick and dee dee .	devastated is a song by american hip hop recording artist joey bada $ $ .	joey is a song from bob dylan 's 1976 album desire .	the miracle ( of joey ramone ) is a song by irish rock band u2 .	joey is a song co-written and recorded by american country music duo sugarland .	raindrops is a 1961 song by the american r b singer dee clark .	yo-yo is a song recorded by the danish singer joey moe .	mangos is a 1956 popular song written by composer dee libbey and lyricist sid wayne .	fancy satin pillows is a song written by jerry crutchfield and dee moeller .	thou shalt not steal is a song written by john d. loudermilk and performed by dick and dee dee .	i wan na rock is a song written and composed by dee snider and performed by his band twisted sister .	the kkk took my baby away is a song written by joey ramone .	turn around is a song written by malvina reynolds , alan greene , and harry belafonte and made popular by dick and dee dee .	joey killer is a song written and recorded by magnus uggla for the 1986 album den döende dandyn .	with your love is a song written by marty balin , joey covington and vic smith .	you 're no good is a song written by clint ballard , jr. , first performed by dee dee warwick for jubilee records in 1963 with production by jerry leiber and mike stoller .
mother-in-law is a 1961 song recorded by ernie k-doe .	dreamland is a song recorded by japanese music duo bennie k .	electric is a song recorded by swedish artist leila k .	why r u is a song performed by american r b singer amerie .	the grammy award for best r b song ( sometimes known as the r b songwriter 's award ) has been awarded since 1969 .	i wan na be the only one is a song by british r b girl group eternal and american r b and gospel singer bebe winans .	honey love a song by american r b singer r. kelly and american r b group public announcement .	808 is an r b song released in 1999 by american r b girl group , blaque .	open sesame is a song by swedish eurodance artist leila k .	holler is a song by r b singer ginuwine .	i do is an r b song released in 1999 by the american r b vocal trio , blaque .	stingy is a song by r b singer ginuwine .	yah mo b there is an r b song by american singers james ingram and michael mcdonald .	baby , be mine is an r b song by the american r b singer miki howard .	i 'm good is an r b song released in 2004 by american r b vocal trio , blaque .	u already know is a r b song recorded by american r b band 112 for their fifth studio album pleasure pain ( 2005 ) .	come home to me is an r b song by american r b singer miki howard .	bad habits is an r b song by american r b singer maxwell .	just right for me is a r b song by american r b recording artist monica , featuring guest vocals from rapper lil wayne .	same girl is a song released by r b singer r. kelly , from his 2007 album double up , with r b singer , usher .
unholy is a song by the american hard rock band kiss , written by gene simmons and vinnie vincent .	deuce is a song by the american hard rock band kiss , written by bassist and vocalist gene simmons .	black diamond is a song by american hard rock band kiss , written by rhythm guitarist paul stanley .	one is a song by american heavy metal band metallica .	i love it loud is a heavy metal song by the american rock band kiss .	goin ' blind is a song by american hard rock band kiss , written by gene simmons and stephen coronel ; it is sometimes referred to as `` going blind '' .	fuel is a song by american heavy metal band metallica .	mother is a song by american heavy metal band danzig .	whiplash is a song by american heavy metal band metallica .	dance is a song by american heavy metal band ratt .	hardwired is a song by heavy metal band metallica .	indestructible is a song by american heavy metal band disturbed .	the judas kiss is a song by american heavy metal band metallica , the fourth single taken from their ninth studio album , death magnetic .	afterworld is a song by american heavy metal band cky .	do n't let daddy kiss me is a song by the british heavy metal band motörhead .	psychosocial is a song by american heavy metal band slipknot .	the unnamed feeling is song by heavy metal band metallica .	the changingman is a song released by paul weller as the lead single from his 1995 album stanley road .	voices is a song by american heavy metal band disturbed .	fallen is a song by danish heavy metal band , volbeat .
blue rose is is a song recorded by american country music artist pam tillis .	old school is a song written by russell smith and don schlitz , and recorded by american country music artist john conlee .	deep down is a song written by walt aldridge and john jarrard , and recorded by american country music artist pam tillis .	send me down to tucson is a song recorded by american country music artist mel tillis .	midnight fire is a song written by dave gibson and lewis anderson , and recorded by american country music artist steve wariner .	house on old lonesome road is a song written by dave gibson and bernie nelson , and recorded by american country music artist conway twitty .	all the good ones are gone is a song written by dean dillon and bob mcdill , and recorded by american country music artist pam tillis .	blind in love is a song written by bob corbin , and recorded by american country music artist mel tillis .	jukebox in my mind is a song written by dave gibson and ronnie rogers , and recorded by american country music group alabama .	queen of memphis is a song written by dave gibson and kathy louvin , and recorded by american country music band confederate railroad .	heart trouble is a song written by dave gibson and kent robbins , and recorded by american country music artist steve wariner .	daddy never was the cadillac kind is a song written by dave gibson and bernie nelson , and recorded by american country music band confederate railroad .	southern rains is a song written by roger murrah , and recorded by american country music artist mel tillis .	lying time again is a song written by chance walker , and recorded by american country music artist mel tillis .	big ole brew is a song written by russell smith , and recorded by american country music artist , mel mcdaniel .	if it do n't come easy is a song written by dave gibson and craig karp , and recorded by american country music artist tanya tucker .	little bit of you is a song recorded by american country music artist chase bryant .	glad all over is a song written by dave clark and mike smith and recorded by the dave clark five .	ready set roll is a song recorded by american country music artist chase rice .	take it on back is a song recorded by american country music artist chase bryant .
go is a song written and performed by the pop-rock band hanson .	mmmbop is a song written and performed by the american pop rock band hanson .	toes is a song recorded by the zac brown band , an american country music band .	weird is a song written and performed by the american pop rock band hanson .	thinking of you is a song written and performed by the american pop-rock band hanson .	penny me is a song written and performed by american pop-rock band hanson , produced by hanson and danny kortchmar .	i was born is a song written and performed by american pop rock band hanson .	beautiful goodbye is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jennifer hanson .	i will come to you is a song by american pop-rock band hanson .	this time around is a song written and performed by american pop rock band hanson .	whatever it is a song by the zac brown band , an american country music group .	where 's the love is a song by american pop rock band hanson .	half a heart tattoo is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jennifer hanson .	lost without each other is a song written and performed by american pop-rock band hanson .	fifteen is a country pop song performed by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	half of my heart is a song by american singer john mayer featuring american country pop singer taylor swift .	c'est la vie is a swedish language song written by thomas g : son , and originally performed by ann-louise hanson , towa carson and siw malmkvist at melodifestivalen 2004 .	fearless is a country pop song performed by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	i thank you is a song written by david porter and isaac hayes originally recorded by sam dave , released in early 1968 .	b-a-b-y is a song written by isaac hayes and david porter , which was first recorded in 1966 by carla thomas .
i dreamed a dream is a song from the musical les misérables .	one day more is a song from the musical les misérables .	m is a song written by japanese singer ayumi hamasaki from her album i am .	renaissance is a song by british electronic group m people .	'' ça m ' énerve '' is a 2009 electronic novelty song recorded by french singer helmut fritz .	m 's ( stylized `` m ' $ '' ) is a song by american rapper asap rocky , taken from rocky 's second studio album at .	vindaloo is a song by british band fat les .	dieu m ' a donné la foi ( god gave me faith ) is a popular r b song recorded by french singer ophélie winter .	plus rien ne m ' étonne is a song by french rapper orelsan and produced by skread .	mme pavoshko is a song by black m from his 2014 studio album les yeux plus gros que le monde .	wolverton mountain was a hit that established claude king 's career as an american country singer/songwriter in 1962 .	les yeux de la mama is a song by kendji girac from the album ensemble .	schoolin ' is a song from british indie pop band everything everything .	les vacances d'été is a song by the belgian eurodance singer kim kay .	pop muzik is a 1979 song by m , a project by english musician robin scott , from the debut album new york • london • paris • munich .	les cactus is the third single by french singer-songwriter jacques dutronc , released in 1967 .	wedding bells is a song written by claude boone and recorded by hank williams on mgm records .	rien dans les mains , rien dans les poches is a french popular song composed in 1948 by henri betti with the lyrics by andré hornez .	keep on walkin ' is a 1992 song by the musician cece peniston , recorded for her debut album release finally on a m records .	don ` cha hear them bells is a 1953 song written by les paul and recorded by les paul and mary ford .
friends in low places is a song performed by american country artist garth brooks .	not counting you is a song written and recorded by american country music artist garth brooks .	if tomorrow never comes is a song recorded by american country music artist garth brooks .	unanswered prayers is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist garth brooks which hit no .	one night a day is a song recorded by american country music artist garth brooks .	standing outside the fire is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist garth brooks .	we shall be free is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist garth brooks .	papa loved mama is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist garth brooks .	it 's midnight cinderella is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer garth brooks .	two piña coladas is a song recorded by american country artist garth brooks .	rodeo is a song written by larry bastian , and recorded by american country music artist garth brooks .	that summer is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist garth brooks .	in another 's eyes is a song recorded by american country music artists trisha yearwood and garth brooks .	the river is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer garth brooks .	thicker than blood is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist garth brooks .	the beaches of cheyenne is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer garth brooks .	whatcha gon na do with a cowboy is a song written by garth brooks and mark d. sanders , and recorded by american country music artist chris ledoux with garth brooks .	the thunder rolls is a song co-written and recorded by american country music legend garth brooks .	that ol' wind is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer garth brooks .	all day long is a song recorded by american country music singer garth brooks .
be still my beating heart is a song by sting , from his second studio album ... nothing like the sun ; released as the second single from the album .	my funny friend and me is a song by english musician sting .	fields of gold is a song written and recorded by sting .	on silent wings is a song by tina turner with guest vocals from sting .	i 'm so happy i ca n't stop crying is a song written and recorded by english rock singer sting .	if i ever lose my faith in you is a song recorded by english singer sting .	sting is a korean song recorded by south korean girl group stellar for their second extended play of the same name .	brand new day is a song by british musician sting , the title track of his album brand new day ( 1999 ) .	desert rose is a song by british musician sting from his album brand new day ( 1999 ) .	i ca n't stop thinking about you is a song by english singer-songwriter sting from his twelfth studio album , 57th 9th .	we 'll be together is a song written and recorded by english singer-songwriter sting .	shape of my heart is a song by english musician sting from his album ten summoner 's tales , released in 1993 .	spirits in the material world is a song by rock trio the police , written by sting .	demolition man is a song written by sting and performed by grace jones as the a-side of a 1981 single .	stolen car ( take me dancing ) is a song by sting , released as the third single from his album sacred love on 26 april 2004 .	next to you is a song written by sting and recorded by the police as the opening track on their debut album outlandos d'amour in 1978 .	driven to tears is a song written by sting and first released by the police on their 1980 album zenyatta mondatta .	sweet the sting is a song written and recorded by tori amos , released as the second single from the album the beekeeper ( 2005 ) .	sting is a 2015 song by swedish singer eric saade .	you will be my ain true love is a song written and performed by sting and alison krauss from 2003 , in the film cold mountain .
spark is a song performed by scottish singer amy macdonald .	dream on is a song by scottish recording artist amy macdonald .	this christmas day is a song by scottish singer-songwriter amy macdonald .	furniture is a song by amy studt which was released as a digital download single on december 3 , 2007 .	all loved up is a song recorded by australian singer-songwriter amy shark .	it can only get better is an english language song by swedish singer amy diamond .	just a little girl is the debut single from english singer/songwriter amy studt .	amy 's back in austin is a song recorded by american country music group little texas .	adore is a song written and recorded by australian singer-songwriter amy shark .	back to black is a song by english singer and songwriter amy winehouse .	under stars is the fourth album by scottish singer-songwriter amy macdonald , and was released on 17 february 2017 .	under stars is the fourth album by scottish singer-songwriter amy macdonald , and was released on 17 february 2017 .	back to black is the second and final studio album by english singer and songwriter amy winehouse .	back to black is the second and final studio album by english singer and songwriter amy winehouse .	baby baby is a pop song by american recording artist amy grant and it was issued as the first single from her 1991 album heart in motion .	where is the love is a popular song written by ralph macdonald and william salter , and recorded by roberta flack and donny hathaway .	simple things is the twelfth studio album by christian music and pop music singer-songwriter amy grant , released in 2003 .	three wonderful letters from home is a world war i song written by ballard macdonald joe goodwin and composed by james f. hanley .	somebody loves me is a popular song , with music written by george gershwin , and lyrics by ballard macdonald and buddy desylva .	the trail of the lonesome pine is a popular song published in 1913 , with lyrics by ballard macdonald and music by harry carroll .
pool hall richard is a song and single by british group , faces and written by group members , rod stewart and ronnie wood .	ooh la la is a 1973 song by the band faces , written by ronnie lane and ronnie wood .	farewell is a song written by martin quittenton and rod stewart .	mandolin wind is a song written by rod stewart .	infatuation is a 1984 hit song by rod stewart .	in a broken dream is a song and single by australian rock band python lee jackson featuring vocals from rod stewart .	baby jane is a 1983 song by british singer rod stewart .	passion is a song by rod stewart that first appeared in 1980 on his album foolish behaviour .	love touch is a song performed by rod stewart and written by gene black , holly knight and mike chapman .	you wear it well is a song written by rod stewart and martin quittenton , performed by stewart .	gasoline alley is the second solo studio album by the british singer-songwriter rod stewart .	the motown song is a song performed by rod stewart and featuring the temptations .	roots is a song by american rock band imagine dragons .	i was only joking is a song written by gary grainger and rod stewart .	every picture tells a story is a song written by rod stewart and ron wood and initially released as the title track of stewart 's 1971 album every picture tells a story .	itchycoo park is a psychedelic rock song written by steve marriott and ronnie lane , first recorded by their group , the small faces .	leave virginia alone is a 1995 song written by tom petty and performed by rod stewart off stewart 's album a spanner in the works .	he got you is a song written by ralph murphy and bobby wood , recorded by american country music artist ronnie milsap .	all or nothing is a song written by steve marriott and ronnie lane of the british rock band small faces and released as a single in 1966 .	maggie may is a song co-written by singer rod stewart and martin quittenton and performed by rod stewart on his album every picture tells a story , released in 1971 .
imagine is a song co-written and performed by english musician john lennon .	ticket to ride is a song by the english rock group the beatles , written by john lennon and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	hold on is a song from the album john lennon/plastic ono band by john lennon .	attica state is a song by john lennon and yoko ono .	revolution is a song by the beatles , written by john lennon and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	come together is a song by the beatles written primarily by john lennon 2 and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	mother is a song by english musician john lennon , first released on his 1970 album john lennon/plastic ono band .	remember is a 1970 song appearing on john lennon 's first official solo album release , john lennon/plastic ono band .	real love is a song written by john lennon .	good night is a song by the beatles , composed by john lennon , but credited to lennon -- mccartney .	because is a song written by john lennon 1 ( credited to lennon -- mccartney ) and recorded by the beatles in 1969 .	india , india is a song written by john lennon and recorded in 1980 , 1 but not released until 2010 's john lennon signature box .	my mummy 's dead is the closing song on the album john lennon/plastic ono band by john lennon .	isolation is a 1970 song appearing on john lennon 's first official solo album release , john lennon/plastic ono band .	nobody told me is a song by john lennon .	oh my love is a song written by john lennon and yoko ono that appeared on lennon 's imagine album in 1971 .	it 's only love is a song written mostly by john lennon , and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	well well well is a song by english musician john lennon from his 1970 album john lennon/plastic ono band .	jealous guy is a song by english rock musician john lennon from his 1971 album imagine .	i found out is a song by the english musician john lennon from his 1970 album john lennon/plastic ono band .
boyfriend is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist raelynn .	carnival is a pop song by the cardigans .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	lay your love on me is a pop song by the british pop group racey , and was their second single release .	boy oh boy is a pop song by the british pop group racey and it is their fourth single release .	some girls is a pop song by the british pop group racey , it was their third single release .	on the ride is a pop song recorded by american teen pop duo aly aj for their debut album into the rush .	non ti scordar mai di me ( never forget about me ) is a pop song performed by italian pop singer giusy ferreri .	funtime is a song written by david bowie and iggy pop , first released by iggy pop on his 1977 album entitled the idiot .	my friend jack is a psychedelic pop song released by the english pop group the smoke in 1967 .	falling in love with only you is an pop song written and produced by terry britten and recorded by australian pop singer christie allen .	rush is a pop rock song recorded by american pop rock duo aly aj for their debut album into the rush .	on and on and on is a pop song recorded by swedish pop group abba in 1980 for their seventh studio album , super trouper .	he 's my number one is an pop song written by terry britten and b. a. robertson and recorded by australian pop singer christie allen .	goosebumps is an pop song written by terry britten and b. a. robertson and recorded by australian pop singer christie allen .	come back to me is a pop and r b song by japanese american pop singer utada .	aşk sakızı is a pop song by hepsi .	keep on smilin ' is an pop song written by george young and harry vanda and recorded by australian pop singer john paul young .	potremmo ritornare is a pop song written by italian pop singer tiziano ferro .	bang bang is a song written by iggy pop and ivan kral in 1981 for iggy pop 's party album .
the dollar is a debut song written and recorded by american country music artist jamey johnson .	dollar days is a song by english musician david bowie .	i need a dollar is a song performed by american singer aloe blacc .	dollar bill is a song by the american alternative rock group screaming trees .	into the lens is a song written by trevor horn and geoff downes .	clean , clean is a song composed by trevor horn , geoff downes and bruce woolley .	pilgrim is a pop rock song written by the british musicians eric clapton and simon climie .	million dollar loan is a song by american indie rock band death cab for cutie .	the only living boy in new york is a song written by paul simon and performed by simon garfunkel .	honk your horn is a song by american recording artist , dani stevenson .	saving my heart is a song by british rock band yes , written and produced by yes guitarist trevor rabin .	attitude dancing is a song written by carly simon and jacob brackman , performed by simon and produced by richard perry .	homeward bound is a song by american music duo simon garfunkel written by paul simon and produced by bob johnston .	million dollar view is a song recorded by american country music artist trace adkins .	room to move is a pop song written by simon climie , rob fisher and dennis morgan .	simon says is a bubblegum pop song written by elliot chiprut and originally recorded , in 1967 , by the 1910 fruitgum company , becoming their most successful chart hit .	fancy pants is a song written by floyd cramer and was recorded by al hirt for his 1965 album , that honey horn sound .	do n't let me down is a pop song written by richard stannard , julian gallagher , d. morgan , will young and simon hale , and performed by will young .	you know what to do is a song written by carly simon , jacob brackman , peter wood , and mike mainieri , and performed by simon .	richard cory is a song written by paul simon in early 1965 , and recorded by simon and garfunkel for their second studio album , sounds of silence .
alice is a song by american electronica musician moby .	alice is a song by tom waits appearing on his 2002 album alice .	department of youth is a song by rock musician alice cooper featured on his welcome to my nightmare album .	poison is a song by american rock musician alice cooper .	i never cry is a song by alice cooper .	teenage lament ' 74 is a song by alice cooper .	september song is a song by english singer jp cooper .	under my wheels is a rock song by alice cooper .	keepin ' halloween alive is a song by rock musician alice cooper , released in 2009 .	i am the future is a 1982 song by rock musician alice cooper .	alice 's restaurant massacree ( also known as simply `` alice 's restaurant '' ) is a song by singer-songwriter arlo guthrie , released as the title track to his 1967 debut album alice 's restaurant .	alice is a song written and performed by avril lavigne for almost alice , the soundtrack to the 2010 film alice in wonderland .	school 's out is a 1972 song first recorded as the title track single of alice cooper 's fifth album and written by the alice cooper band .	again is a song by american rock band alice in chains and the third single from their album alice in chains ( 1995 ) .	you and me is a 1977 song by alice cooper , released in 1977 as the lead single from his album lace and whiskey .	caught in a dream is a 1971 song written by michael bruce and recorded by his band , alice cooper , on their first major label release album love it to death .	how you gon na see me now is a song written by alice cooper , bernie taupin , and dick wagner , performed by cooper and produced by david foster .	hello hooray is a song by rolf kempf and performed by judy collins , and later by the alice cooper band .	down to the line is a 1975 song written by randy bachman , with kim fowley , mark anthony and vincent furnier ( better known as alice cooper ) .	only women bleed is a song written by alice cooper and dick wagner .
mayhem is a song by irish rockabilly singer imelda may .	inside out is a song by irish rockabilly singer imelda may .	big bad handsome man is a song by irish rockabilly singer imelda may .	psycho is a song by irish rockabilly singer imelda may .	johnny got a boom boom is a song by irish rockabilly musician imelda may .	wherever i may roam is a song by american heavy metal band metallica .	may it be is a song by irish recording artist enya .	driven by you is a song by queen 's lead guitarist brian may .	may you never be alone is a song written and recorded by hank williams .	saturns pattern is a song released by paul weller as a single on may 11 , 2015 .	may this be love is a song by the jimi hendrix experience , released on may 12 , 1967 , on the band 's debut album are you experienced .	only sixteen is a song by american singer-songwriter sam cooke , released in may 1959 .	runaground is a song by british alternative rock band james on 25 may 1998 .	cupid is a song by american singer sam cooke , released on may 16 , 1961 .	candy is a song from paolo nutini which was released on 18 may 2009 .	castaway is a song by new zealand group mi-sex , released in may 1982 .	years may come , years may go is a song written by andré popp and jack fishman and performed by the herman 's hermits .	good company is a song by british rock band queen , which was written by brian may .	50 grand is a song by english rapper devlin , released may 11 , 2015 .	goody two shoes is a song by adam ant , released on 7 may 1982 .
baby is a song by american rapper fabolous featuring mike shorey .	say i is a song by american singer christina milian .	fly is a korean song recorded by south korean singer jessica jung featuring fabolous , taken from jessica 's debut with love , j ep .	when you look at me is a song by american singer christina milian .	whatever u want is a song by american singer christina milian .	r b junkie is a song by american singer-songwriter janet jackson from her eighth studio album , damita jo ( 2004 ) .	one wish is a 1994 christmas song by american r b singer freddie jackson , from his album freddie jackson at christmas .	who booty is a song by american r b singer jonn hart , featuring vocals from rapper iamsu !	never gon na be the same is a reggae dancehall song written by sean paul for his third album the trinity ( 2005 ) .	808 is an r b song released in 1999 by american r b girl group , blaque .	hell yeah is a song by r b singer ginuwine featuring rapper birdman .	round up is a song by american rapper lady may , featuring american r b singer blu cantrell .	all aboard is a r b song by romeo santos , featuring lil wayne , from santos ' debut studio album formula , vol .	ready or not is a song by german dance band r.i.o. , featuring vocals from pop , r b and hip-hop singer u-jean .	just right for me is a r b song by american r b recording artist monica , featuring guest vocals from rapper lil wayne .	silent prayer is a r b song by shanice featuring johnny gill .	hold on , we 're going home is a song by canadian rapper drake , featuring the r b group majid jordan .	baby , be mine is an r b song by the american r b singer miki howard .	either way is a song by american r b singer k. michelle featuring chris brown .	whatzupwitu ( pronounced `` what 's up with you '' ) is a 1993 r b song by eddie murphy , featuring michael jackson .
take back the city is a song from alternative rock band snow patrol 's fifth album a hundred million suns .	the planets bend between us ( or `` the planets bend between us ( for you ) '' ) is a song from alternative rock band snow patrol 's fifth album a hundred million suns .	crack the shutters is a song from alternative rock band snow patrol 's fifth album a hundred million suns .	new york is a song by northern irish alternative rock group snow patrol .	chocolate is a song by uk alternative rock band snow patrol .	you 're all i have is a song by british alternative rock band snow patrol .	lifening is a song by northern irish alternative rock group snow patrol .	starfighter pilot was the fourth single released by snow patrol , and the second track on their debut album songs for polarbears .	shut your eyes is a song by the northern irish band snow patrol .	chasing cars is a song by northern irish alternative rock band snow patrol .	open your eyes is a song by the alternative rock band snow patrol .	called out in the dark is a song by northern irish rock band snow patrol .	an olive grove facing the sea is a song from snow patrol 's second album when it 's all over we still have to clear up .	set the fire to the third bar is a song from snow patrol 's fourth album , eyes open , featuring martha wainwright on vocals .	cuckoo clock is a song written by brian wilson and gary usher for the american rock band the beach boys .	anyone can do the heartbreak is a song written by amanda mcbroom and tom snow , and performed by anne murray .	409 is a song written by brian wilson , mike love , and gary usher for the american rock and roll band the beach boys .	county fair is a song written by brian wilson and gary usher for the american rock band the beach boys .	forever autumn is a song written by jeff wayne , gary osborne and paul vigrass .	do n't know much is a song written by barry mann , cynthia weil and tom snow .
freeway of love is a song by american singer aretha franklin .	who 's zoomin ' who is a song performed by american singer aretha franklin .	'' ( sweet sweet baby ) since you 've been gone '' is a song by singer aretha franklin .	jump to it is a 1982 song by american recording artist aretha franklin .	call me is a song written and recorded by american soul singer aretha franklin .	one step ahead is a song by american soul singer aretha franklin .	baby i love you is a popular song by r b singer aretha franklin .	aretha is a song by british singer-songwriter rumer .	ai n't no way is a song written by singer-songwriter carolyn franklin and sung by her elder sister aretha franklin as the b-side to her 1968 hit , '' ( sweet sweet baby ) since you 've been gone '' .	think is a song written and performed by american singer aretha franklin .	willing to forgive is a song by aretha franklin from her album greatest hits : 1980 -- 1994 .	i ca n't see myself leaving you is a song written by ronnie shannon and performed by aretha franklin .	today i sing the blues is a song written by curtis lewis and performed by aretha franklin .	rock steady is a song written and performed by aretha franklin and released in 1971 , from the album young , gifted and black .	sisters are doin ' it for themselves is a 1985 song recorded as a duet by the british pop duo eurythmics and american singer aretha franklin .	wo n't be long is a song written by j. leslie mcfarland and performed by aretha franklin .	lean on me is a song by american gospel artist kirk franklin .	the house that jack built is a song written by bobby lance and fran robbins and performed by aretha franklin .	gim me your love is a song written by narada michael walden and jeffrey cohen and recorded as a duet between aretha franklin and james brown in 1989 .	operation heartbreak is a song written by al kasha , alan thomas , and curtis williams and performed by aretha franklin .
bad is a song by american recording artist michael jackson .	afterglow is a song recorded by tina turner , written and produced by terry britten and graham lyle , and produced by britten .	cherish is a pop song written by terry kirkman and recorded by the association .	bad company is a song by the hard rock band bad company .	my chick bad is a song by american rapper ludacris .	bad ambassador is a song by the divine comedy .	bad girl good girl is a song recorded by k-pop girl group miss a for their debut ep bad but good .	bad bad boy is a song and single by scottish rock group , nazareth .	battleship chains is a song written by terry anderson and recorded by his band the woods .	bad religion is a song by godsmack .	bad boys is a song by australian band roxus .	chains of love is a song by english singer terry ronald , from the 1991 album roma .	truck drivin ' man is a popular country song written and recorded by terry fell in 1954 .	did n't we is a song written by troy seals and graham lyle , and recorded by american country music artist lee greenwood .	break away ( also known as `` breakaway '' ) is a song written by benny gallagher and graham lyle and first recorded by art garfunkel for his 1975 album breakaway .	bad attitude is a song recorded by australian group girlfriend .	it 's over love is 1997 song by todd terry feat .	the cry of the wild goose is a 1950 song written by terry gilkyson .	super bad , originally titled call me super bad , is a 1970 song by james brown .	bad , bad leroy brown is a song written by american folk rock singer jim croce .
stuttering ( do n't say ) is a song by wild orchid , released as the first and only single from their third album , fire .	wild wild son is a song performed by dutch dj and record producer armin van buuren .	be mine is a song by wild orchid , released as their first single from their second album , oxygen .	wild honey is a song by the rock band u2 .	wild horses is a song by english recording artist birdy .	wild child is a single by irish singer-songwriter enya .	wild wild life is a song by the american new wave band talking heads .	wild child is a song recorded by swedish singer ace wilder .	wild wild angels is a song by the british rock band smokie from their 1976 studio album midnight café .	two can play that game is a song by r b singer bobby brown from his album bobby .	wild wild west is a song recorded by canadian country music artist chris cummings .	wild , wild west is a song by the escape club from their debut album of the same name .	i wan na be the only one is a song by british r b girl group eternal and american r b and gospel singer bebe winans .	brown skin is the second single released by american soul and r b singer-songwriter india.arie from her debut studio album acoustic soul on september 18 , 2001 .	shake for the sheik is a song by english pop-rock band the escape club , from their 1988 album wild wild west .	one wild night is a song by american rock band bon jovi .	ride the wild wind is a song by british rock band queen .	restless and wild is a song by german heavy metal band accept from their album restless and wild , released in 1982 .	loser gone wild is a song by the electric light orchestra .	oopdeewopdee is a hip hop , r b , and soul song by casablanca records recording group nss16 .
bob dylan 's 115th dream is a song by bob dylan , released on his fifth album , bringing it all back home .	it 's all over now , baby blue is a song written and performed by bob dylan and featured on his bringing it all back home album , released on march 22 , 1965 by columbia records ( see 1965 in music ) .	my back pages is a song written by bob dylan and included on his 1964 album another side of bob dylan .	dirge is a song by bob dylan .	just like tom thumb 's blues is a song written and performed by bob dylan .	i threw it all away is a song by american singer-songwriter bob dylan .	it ai n't me babe is a song by bob dylan that originally appeared on his fourth album another side of bob dylan , which was released in 1964 by columbia records .	tangled up in blues : songs of bob dylan is a 1999 album of bob dylan songs performed in blues and soul styles by various artists .	all along the watchtower is a song written and recorded by american singer-songwriter bob dylan .	black crow blues is a song written by bob dylan , released on his 1964 album another side of bob dylan .	blind willie mctell is a song written and performed by bob dylan , titled after the blues singer blind willie mctell .	bob dylan 's blues is a song written by bob dylan and released in 1963 on the album the freewheelin ' bob dylan .	bob dylan 's dream is a song written by bob dylan in 1963 .	bringing on back the good times is a song by the love affair .	all the rage back home is a song by american rock band interpol .	all the tired horses is a song written by bob dylan , released on his 1970 double album self portrait .	song to woody was written by american singer-songwriter bob dylan and released on his debut album , bob dylan , in 1962 .	talkin ' john birch paranoid blues , also known as `` talkin ' john birch society blues '' and `` talkin ' john birch blues '' , is a protest song and talking blues song written by singer-songwriter bob dylan in 1962 .	mean old world is a blues song recorded by american blues electric guitar musician t-bone walker in 1942 .	hollies sing dylan is a 1969 cover album where the hollies sing bob dylan songs .
this love is a song by the american pop rock band maroon 5 .	wait is a song by american pop rock band maroon 5 .	songs about jane is the debut studio album by american pop rock band maroon 5 .	songs about jane is the debut studio album by american pop rock band maroon 5 .	songs about jane is the debut studio album by american pop rock band maroon 5 .	songs about jane is the debut studio album by american pop rock band maroon 5 .	songs about jane is the debut studio album by american pop rock band maroon 5 .	songs about jane is the debut studio album by american pop rock band maroon 5 .	songs about jane is the debut studio album by american pop rock band maroon 5 .	songs about jane is the debut studio album by american pop rock band maroon 5 .	sunday morning is a song by american pop band maroon 5 .	she will be loved is a song by the american pop rock band maroon 5 .	love somebody is a song recorded by american pop rock band maroon 5 .	animals is a song by american pop rock band maroon 5 .	maps is a song by american pop band maroon 5 .	wake up call is a song by american pop rock band maroon 5 .	makes me wonder is a song by american pop rock band maroon 5 .	do n't wan na know is a song by american pop rock band maroon 5 .	one more night is a song performed by american pop rock band maroon 5 .	it was always you is a song by american pop rock band maroon 5 .
contemplate is a song by american electronic dance music producer nicholas chiari ( stage name grabbitz ) and electronic band , savoy .	savoy truffle is a song by the english rock group the beatles from their 1968 album the beatles ( also known as `` the white album '' ) .	like a dog is a song by australian alternative rock band powderfinger .	end of a century is a song by alternative rock band blur .	the night is still young is a single by rock singer billy joel released as a new song from his greatest hits album greatest hits - volume i and ii .	diary is a song written and produced by david gates , which was released by his band bread in 1972 , as a single and on the album baby i 'm - a want you .	one million kisses is a song by the band rufus , released as a single in 1983 from the live album stompin ' at the savoy .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	you 're so pretty - we 're so pretty is a song by british band the charlatans ( known in the united states as the charlatans uk ) .	light the universe is a song and a single made by the german power metal band helloween from their album keeper of the seven keys - the legacy .	diamond hoo ha man is a song by british rock band supergrass .	tomten , jag vill ha en riktig jul is a christmas song written by kenneth fridén , and recorded by busungarna in 1982 .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	3 libras is a song by alternative rock band a perfect circle .	champion sound is a song by english big beat musician fatboy slim from his compilation album the greatest hits - why try harder .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	cherry , cherry is a song written , composed , and recorded in february - march 1966 by american musician neil diamond .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .	good thing is a song written by pål svenre and rebecka törnqvist , and recorded by törnqvist for her 1995 album of the same name .	jag vill ha en egen måne is a song written by swedish lyricist kenneth gärdestad and singer-songwriter ted gärdestad .
ca n't stop is a song performed by after 7 , issued as the fourth single from the group 's eponymous debut album .	ready or not is a song performed by after 7 , issued as the third single from the group 's eponymous debut album .	for the cool in you is a song co-written , 3 co-produced 4 and performed by american contemporary r b singer babyface .	24/7 is a song performed by american contemporary r b singer kevon edmonds , issued as the first single from his debut studio album of the same name .	there she goes is a song co-written 3 and performed by american contemporary r b musician babyface , issued as the lead single from his sixth studio album face2face .	love you down is the title of an r b song written by melvin riley jr .	i love you babe is a song written , 2 co-produced 3 and performed by american contemporary r b singer babyface , issued as the lead single from his debut studio album lovers .	can we talk is a song recorded by american r b singer tevin campbell and composed and produced by babyface .	love u 4 life is a song by american r b group jodeci recorded for their third album the show , the after party , the hotel ( 1995 ) .	get on up is a song by american r b group jodeci recorded for their third album the show , the after party , the hotel ( 1995 ) .	give u my heart is a song recorded by american r b singers babyface and toni braxton for the soundtrack to the 1992 film boomerang .	missing you is a r b song written and produced by babyface , who produced the song for singer mary j. blige , who released it as the third united kingdom single from her share my world album , released in october 2 , 1997 .	boyfriend # 2 is a song by american r b singer pleasure p .	808 is an r b song released in 1999 by american r b girl group , blaque .	i do is an r b song released in 1999 by the american r b vocal trio , blaque .	baby , be mine is an r b song by the american r b singer miki howard .	freek 'n you is a song by american r b group jodeci recorded for their third album the show , the after party , the hotel .	i 'm good is an r b song released in 2004 by american r b vocal trio , blaque .	bad habits is an r b song by american r b singer maxwell .	it 's not fair is an r b song by glenn lewis , released on april 2 , 2002 .
chorus is a song by erasure which is the first single and title track to the duo 's fifth studio album chorus .	factory girl is a traditional song .	chances are is a popular song with music by robert allen and lyrics by al stillman .	bury my body is a traditional gospel blues song .	al 's place is a song written by robert allen and was recorded by al hirt .	a praise chorus is a song by american rock band jimmy eat world .	he 's my number one is an pop song written by terry britten and b. a. robertson and recorded by australian pop singer christie allen .	beautiful brown eyes is a traditional country song .	goosebumps is an pop song written by terry britten and b. a. robertson and recorded by australian pop singer christie allen .	lost is a song written by mitch allan and kara dioguardi and was recorded by american country music singer faith hill .	falling in love with only you is an pop song written and produced by terry britten and recorded by australian pop singer christie allen .	verge is a song by american electronica project owl city from his fifth studio album mobile orchestra .	i go to rio is a popular song written by peter allen and adrienne anderson , and performed by allen .	abracadabra is a song by american rock group steve miller band , written by steve miller .	baby get away is an pop song written by david most , michael burns and steve glen and recorded by australian pop singer christie allen .	the abc 's of love is a song written by george goldner and richard barrett and performed by frankie lymon and the teenagers featuring jimmy wright and his orchestra .	count every star is a song written by bruno coquatrix and sammy gallop and first released by ray anthony and his orchestra .	i promise to remember is a song written by jimmy castor and jimmy smith and performed by frankie lymon and the teenagers featuring jimmy wright and his orchestra .	pico and sepulveda is a 1947 song by freddy martin and his orchestra .	stormy monday blues is a jazz song first recorded in 1942 by earl hines and his orchestra with billy eckstine on vocals .
audio is a song by pop music group lsd .	fire is a song from lacuna coil 's sixth studio album dark adrenaline .	kings queens is a song by christian contemporary-alternative-rock band audio adrenaline from their ninth studio album , kings queens .	bermuda triangle is a song by barry manilow , from his album barry .	here with me is a song by christian rock band , mercyme .	every christian lion hearted man will show you is a song written by barry , robin maurice gibb released by the bee gees in 1967 on their album bee gees ' 1st .	the globe is a 1991 song by alternative dance group big audio dynamite ii .	dig is a song by australian rock musician , mark lizotte .	rush is a song by big audio dynamite ii from their album the globe .	the show is the first single by the australian singer/songwriter lenka , produced by stuart brawley .	i need a miracle is a song by christian contemporary christian music southern rock and christian rock band third day from their eleventh studio album , miracle .	sandra is a song that was originally recorded by barry manilow on his album , barry manilow ii in 1974 .	honky tonkin 's what i do best is a song written by marty stuart and recorded by american country music artists stuart and travis tritt .	only jesus is a song by american contemporary christian and christian rock band casting crowns .	hillbilly rock is a song written by paul kennerley and recorded by american country music artist marty stuart .	they 're playin ' our song is a song written by bob dipiero , john jarrard and mark d. sanders , and recorded by american country music singer neal mccoy .	the new girl in school is a song written by jan berry , roger christian , brian wilson , and bob norberg for the american rock duet jan dean .	i will love you is a song written by shelby flint and barry devorzon .	and the sun will shine is a song by the british rock band bee gees , it was written by barry gibb , robin gibb and maurice gibb and released in february 1968 on the album horizontal .	georgia peaches is a song written by blair daly , mallary hope and rachel proctor , and recorded by american country music artist , lauren alaina .
move it is a song written by ian samwell and recorded by cliff richard and the drifters ( the uk band that would later become `` the shadows '' ) .	please do n't tease is a 1960 song recorded by cliff richard and the shadows .	we say yeah is a song originally performed by cliff richard the shadows .	bachelor boy is a song by cliff richard and the shadows .	power to all our friends is a song by cliff richard .	miss you nights is a song written by dave townsend and made famous worldwide by cliff richard .	mistletoe and wine is a christmas song made famous as a single by cliff richard in 1988 .	visions is a song released in 1966 by cliff richard .	all my love is a song first recorded in english by cliff richard and released as a single in november 1967 .	summer holiday is a song recorded by cliff richard and the shadows , written by rhythm guitarist bruce welch and drummer brian bennett .	carrie is a song performed by cliff richard and released as a single in 1980 .	a little in love is a song recorded by cliff richard from his 1980 album , i 'm no hero .	lucille is a 1957 rock and roll song originally recorded by american musician little richard .	green light is a song recorded by cliff richard and released as a single in february 1979 .	two hearts is a song recorded by english singer cliff richard and released as the fourth single from his always guaranteed album in february 1988 .	some people is a song recorded by english singer cliff richard and released in august 1987 as the second single from his always guaranteed album .	a girl like you is a song written by jerry lordan and recorded by cliff richard and the shadows in june , 1961 .	under the boardwalk is a pop song written by kenny young and arthur resnick and recorded by the drifters in 1964 .	baby you 're dynamite is a song performed by cliff richard and was released as a single in early 1984 in the uk .	the day i met marie is a song by cliff richard , released as single in august 1967 .
free to decide is a 1996 song recorded by the irish band the cranberries , the second single from their third studio album to the faithful departed .	i 'm still remembering is an acoustic folk song taken from the cranberries third album , to the faithful departed .	life to fix is a song by the american alternative rock band the record company .	rock island line is an american folk song .	house we used to live in is a song by the american alternative rock group the smithereens .	faithful is a song performed by go west .	from despair to where is a song by welsh alternative rock band manic street preachers .	i 'm just a woman is a song by welsh singer bonnie tyler , released as a single from her 1980 album goodbye to the island by rca records .	to the end is a song by english alternative rock band blur .	island is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eddy raven .	we used to be friends is a song by american alternative rock band the dandy warhols .	busted heart ( hold on to me ) is a song by christian alternative rock duo for king country .	all of the dreamers is an alternative rock song recorded by australian alternative rock band powderfinger .	island in the sun is a song by the american rock band weezer .	let me give the world to you is a song by the american alternative rock band smashing pumpkins .	slave to the wage is a song by english alternative rock band placebo .	no place to go is a song by the alternative rock band my bloody valentine .	here 's to the night is a song by american alternative rock band eve 6 .	murder to the mind is a song by australian alternative rock artist tash sultana .	moving to mars is a song by british alternative rock band coldplay .
thank you is a song by american rapper busta rhymes .	the woman you love is a song recorded by american recording artist ashanti and brooklyn native rapper busta rhymes .	dangerous is a hip hop song written by lawrence dermer , trevor smith , rashad smith , henry stone and freddy stonewall for busta rhymes second album when disaster strikes .	touch it is a song by busta rhymes .	it 's a party is a song by busta rhymes , released as the second single from his debut album the coming .	pass the courvoisier , part ii is a song by american rapper busta rhymes , and the fourth single from his fifth studio album , genesis .	calm down is a song by american rapper busta rhymes , released as the third single from his upcoming tenth studio album , e.l.e. 2 ( extinction level event 2 ) .	i know what you want is a song written by rapper busta rhymes , and produced by rick rock for rhymes ' eighth album it ai n't safe no more .	hustler 's anthem ' 09 is a song written by busta rhymes .	why stop now is a song by american rapper busta rhymes , released november 16 , 2011 , as a promotional single .	start choppin is a song by dinosaur jr .	king james is a song by nigerian hip hop recording artist m.i .	cajun baby is a song by hank williams , jr .	saving my heart is a song by british rock band yes , written and produced by yes guitarist trevor rabin .	elliott smith is the second studio album by american singer-songwriter elliott smith .	elliott smith is the second studio album by american singer-songwriter elliott smith .	elliott smith is the second studio album by american singer-songwriter elliott smith .	gone is a song by american indie pop band jr jr from their self-titled third album , jr jr in 2015 .	into the lens is a song written by trevor horn and geoff downes .	clean , clean is a song composed by trevor horn , geoff downes and bruce woolley .
another rock and roll christmas is a 1984 christmas song by english glam rock singer gary glitter , written by glitter with mike leander and eddie ( edward john ) seago and produced by leander .	i did n't know i loved you ( till i saw you rock and roll ) is a song by english glam rock singer gary glitter , written by glitter with mike leander and produced by mike leander .	dance me up is a song by english glam rock singer gary glitter , written by glitter with mike leander and eddie ( edward john ) seago and produced by mike leander .	always yours is a song by english glam rock singer gary glitter , written by glitter with mike leander and produced by mike leander .	i love you love me love is a song by english glam rock singer gary glitter .	remember me this way is a song by english glam rock singer gary glitter , written by glitter with mike leander and produced by mike leander .	doing alright with the boys is a song by english glam rock singer gary glitter , written by glitter with mike leander and produced by mike leander .	hello , hello , i 'm back again is a song by english glam rock singer gary glitter , written by glitter with mike leander and produced by mike leander .	rock and roll is a song by english glam rock singer gary glitter that was released in 1972 as a single and on the album glitter .	1959 is a song written by gary gentry , and recorded by american country music artist john anderson .	part-time love is a song written by elton john with lyrics by gary osborne .	madness is a song by elton john with lyrics by gary osborne .	blue eyes is a song performed by elton john with music and lyrics written by elton john and gary osborne .	still got the blues ( for you ) is a song by northern irish guitarist gary moore .	dear god is a song by elton john with lyrics by gary osborne .	we take mystery ( to bed ) is a 1982 song by the british musician gary numan .	ball and chain is a song by elton john with lyrics by gary osborne .	doo-wah days is a song written by edward hunnicutt , doug gilmore and gary vincent , and recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .	what 's in it for me is a song written by gary burr and john jarrard , and recorded by american country music artist john berry .	do n't give in to him is a song written by gary usher , produced by dick glasser and recorded by gary puckett the union gap for their 1969 album , the new gary puckett and the union gap album .
ca n't break it to my heart is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer tracy lawrence .	it 's all how you look at it is a song recorded by american country music artist tracy lawrence .	how a cowgirl says goodbye is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist tracy lawrence .	stars over texas is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist tracy lawrence .	if you loved me is a song co-written by paul nelson and tom shapiro and recorded by american country music artist tracy lawrence .	as any fool can see is a song written by paul nelson and kenny beard , and recorded by american country music artist tracy lawrence .	fast car is a song by american singer-songwriter tracy chapman .	texas tornado is a song written by bobby braddock , and recorded by american country music artist tracy lawrence .	why do n't that telephone ring is a song recorded by american country music artist tracy byrd .	time marches on is a song written by bobby braddock , and recorded by american country music artist tracy lawrence .	better man , better off is a song written by stan paul davis and brett jones , and recorded by american country music artist tracy lawrence .	a good way to get on my bad side is a song recorded by american country music artist tracy byrd featuring mark chesnutt .	how country feels is a song recorded by american country music artist randy houser .	the box is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist randy travis .	the lawrence welk-hee haw counter-revolution polka is a song made famous by country music singer roy clark .	better class of losers is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer randy travis .	tracy chapman is the self-titled debut album by singer-songwriter tracy chapman , released on april 5 , 1988 , by elektra records .	we went is a song recorded by american country music artist randy houser .	promises is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer randy travis .	randy newman is the eponymous debut studio album by american singer-songwriter randy newman , released in 1968 by reprise records .
reach it is a song by south african singer and record producer zonke .	fables of faubus is a song composed by jazz bassist and composer charles mingus .	worrisome heart is a song written and composed by american jazz singer-songwriter melody gardot .	shattered dreams is a song by english group johnny hates jazz .	turn back the clock is a song by the british band johnny hates jazz .	500 miles high is a jazz fusion song by chick corea and return to forever .	young man blues is a song by jazz artist mose allison .	sunrise serenade is a jazz song written by frankie carle with lyrics by jack lawrence .	van lingle mungo is a song composed and performed by jazz pianist dave frishberg .	tempted is a song recorded by canadian hip hop rapper jazz cartier .	the song `` backwater blues '' is a blues and jazz standard .	who will comfort me is a song written and composed by american jazz singer-songwriter melody gardot .	do n't explain is a song written by jazz singer billie holiday and arthur herzog jr .	nature boy is a song first recorded by american jazz singer nat king cole .	joy spring is a jazz composition by clifford brown and is his signature song .	dat dere is a jazz song written by bobby timmons that was recorded in 1960 .	big butter and egg man is a 1926 jazz song written by percy venable .	revolution is a 1969 song by american jazz musician nina simone and weldon irvine .	andré previn plays songs by jerome kern is a solo jazz album by andré previn .	bad sneakers is a song by jazz rock band steely dan .
the bitter end is a song by british alternative rock band placebo .	slave to the wage is a song by english alternative rock band placebo .	special needs is a song by english alternative rock band placebo .	jesus ' son is a song by the english alternative rock band placebo .	come home is a song by english alternative rock band placebo .	meds is a song by english alternative rock band placebo , released on 9 october 2006 as the fourth single from their fifth studio album meds .	song to say goodbye is a song by english alternative rock band placebo from their fifth studio album , meds ( 2006 ) .	36 degrees is a song by british alternative rock band placebo , released as the third single from their eponymous debut album .	teenage angst is a song by british alternative rock band placebo , released on 16 september 1996 as the fourth single from their self-titled debut album .	loud like love is a song by english alternative rock band placebo , from their seventh album loud like love .	infra-red is a song by english alternative rock band placebo , released on 19 june 2006 as the third single from their fifth studio album meds .	every you every me is a song by british alternative rock band placebo , released as the third single from their second album , without you i 'm nothing , on 25 january 1999 .	gabriellas sång is a ballad song with music by stefan nilsson and lyrics by py bäckman .	your imagination is a song written by brian wilson , joe thomas and steve dahl for brian wilson 's 1998 solo album imagination .	perfect world is a song written by james mercer and brian burton of the american alternative rock band broken bells .	abracadabra is a song by american rock group steve miller band , written by steve miller .	rock 'n me ( also known as `` rock 'n me '' ) is a song by american rock group steve miller band , written by the group 's leader steve miller .	dance , dance , dance is a song composed by brian and carl wilson with lyrics by brian wilson and mike love for the american rock band the beach boys .	anything but you is a song written by aleena gibson and stefan andersson , and performed by aleena gibson and stefan andersson at melodifestivalen 2007 .	millennium 2 is a song written by jan nordlund , john henrik lagerlöf , stefan enberg and daniel bäckström , and recorded by markoolio on his 1999 album dikter från ett hjärta .
baby hold on is a song recorded by american rock singer eddie money .	take me home tonight is a song by american rock singer eddie money .	money is a song by american rapper cardi b .	weekend is a song recorded by eddie cochran .	vogue is a song by industrial rock band kmfdm from their 1992 album money .	cash money is a song by american rapper tyga .	running back is a song by american rock singer eddie money , from his album playing for keeps in 1980 .	eddie my love is a 1956 doo wop song .	roger that is a song by rap group young money entertainment released as the third single from their debut collaboration album we are young money .	money talks is a song by the british rock band the kinks .	lunch money is a song by american hip hop recording artist pusha t. `` lunch money '' is produced by kanye west .	the big money is a song by canadian rock band rush , originally released on their 1985 album power windows .	money and the power is a song by american rapper kid ink , produced by n4 , ned cameron and jonathan lauture .	just like eddie is a song by recording artist heinz .	evert is a song written by eddie meduza .	money , money , money is a song recorded by swedish pop group abba , written by benny andersson and björn ulvaeus .	alibi is a pop / dance song released in 2013 by the swedish singer of persian origin eddie razaz .	money , marbles , and chalk is a popular song , written by garner `` pop '' eckler in 1949 .	doing it for the money is a song by american indie pop band foster the people .	sweetie pie is a song written by eddie cochran , jerry capehart , and johnny russell and recorded by eddie cochran .
lucky star is a song written and recorded by american singer madonna for her eponymous debut album madonna ( 1983 ) .	holiday is a song recorded by american singer madonna for her eponymous debut album madonna ( 1983 ) .	borderline is a song recorded by american singer madonna for her eponymous debut album madonna ( 1983 ) .	leonard is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard .	hey , that 's no way to say goodbye is a song by leonard cohen .	joan of arc is a song by canadian singer-songwriter leonard cohen .	bird on the wire is one of leonard cohen 's signature songs .	suzanne is a song written by canadian poet and musician leonard cohen in the 1960s .	so long , marianne is a song written by canadian poet and musician leonard cohen .	down so long is a folk pop song written by jewel and produced by patrick leonard for jewel 's second album , spirit ( 1998 ) .	first we take manhattan is a song written by canadian singer-songwriter leonard cohen .	another day is a song by roy harper from his album flat baroque and berserk .	the songs of leonard cohen covered is a tribute album to leonard cohen , released in 2012 .	dance me to the end of love is a 1984 song by leonard cohen .	tower of song : the songs of leonard cohen is a tribute album to leonard cohen , released in 1995 on a m records .	recent songs is the sixth studio album by leonard cohen , released in 1979 .	recent songs is the sixth studio album by leonard cohen , released in 1979 .	songs of love and hate is the third studio album by canadian singer-songwriter leonard cohen .	in my secret life is a song written and performed by leonard cohen and sharon robinson .	avalanche is a song by leonard cohen .
machines is a song by the american synthpop band red flag .	curtains is a song by the american synthpop band red flag .	fear of a red planet is a song by the american synthpop band red flag .	run is a song by synthpop band red flag .	the game is a song by the american synthpop band red flag .	russian radio is a song by the american synthpop band red flag .	if i ever is a song by the american synthpop band red flag .	pirate flag is a song recorded by american country music artist kenny chesney .	alaska 's flag is the state song of alaska .	fallin ' in love is a song recorded and released by the trio of hamilton , joe frank reynolds .	full grown fool is a song written by allen reynolds and carmol taylor , and recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .	working man is a song written by jim hurt and billy ray reynolds , and recorded by american country music artist john conlee .	the blue flag is a world war i song written and composed by carrie jacobs-bond .	jesus is just alright is a gospel song written by arthur reid reynolds and first recorded by reynolds ' own group , the art reynolds singers , on their 1966 album , tellin ' it like it is .	dreaming my dreams with you is a song written by allen reynolds and recorded by waylon jennings ' 1975 album , dreaming my dreams .	outside woman blues is a blues song originally recorded by blind joe reynolds in 1929 .	what have they done to the rain is a song by malvina reynolds .	do n't believe my heart ca n't stand another you is a song written billy ray reynolds , and recorded by american country music artist tanya tucker .	turn around is a song written by malvina reynolds , alan greene , and harry belafonte and made popular by dick and dee dee .	catfish john is a song written by bob mcdill and allen reynolds , and recorded by american country music artist johnny russell .
fat is a song by `` weird al '' yankovic .	lasagna is a song by `` weird al '' yankovic .	spy hard is a song by `` weird al '' yankovic used as the theme song to the film of the same name .	dare to be stupid is an original song by `` weird al '' yankovic .	ebay is a song by `` weird al '' yankovic .	you do n't love me anymore is a song by american recording artist `` weird al '' yankovic .	the night santa went crazy is an original song by `` weird al '' yankovic .	i want a new duck is a song by `` weird al '' yankovic .	i lost on jeopardy is a song by `` weird al '' yankovic from his second album , `` weird al '' yankovic in 3-d .	it 's all about the pentiums is a song by `` weird al '' yankovic .	eat it is a 1984 song by comedy music artist `` weird al '' yankovic .	ai n't talkin ' ` bout love is a song by american rock band van halen .	'' ` the half of it , dearie ' blues '' is a song composed by george gershwin , with lyrics by ira gershwin .	nuthin ' but a ` g ' thang is a song by american rapper dr .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	the knoc is a song by american rapper , knoc-turn ` al .	everything starts with an ` e ' is a song by e-zee possee featuring vocals from mc kinky .	talkin ' ` bout you is a song written by ray charles .	je t ` aime , je t ` aime , je t ` aime is a song by french singer johnny hallyday from his 1974 studio album je t ` aime , je t ` aime , je t ` aime .	'' ` face the face ' '' is a song by pete townshend .
my girl josephine is a song written by fats domino and dave bartholomew .	the fat man is a song by american rhythm and blues recording artist fats domino .	whole lotta lovin is a 1958 song by fats domino , written by domino and dave bartholomew .	valley of tears is a song written by fats domino and dave bartholomew and performed by fats domino .	walking to new orleans is a 1960 song by bobby charles , written for and recorded by fats domino .	my ding-a-ling is a novelty song written and recorded by dave bartholomew .	domino is a hit song written by northern irish singer-songwriter van morrison .	i want you to know is a 1957 fats domino and dave bartholomew song .	domino is a song written by the band genesis for their 1986 album invisible touch .	gee , released in june 1953 by the crows , is a song which has been credited as the first rock and roll hit by a rock and roll group .	domino is a song by english singer and songwriter jessie j from her debut studio album , who you are ( 2011 ) .	domino dancing is a song recorded by the british synthpop duo pet shop boys , released as the lead single from their 1988 album , introspective .	the great rock 'n' roll swindle is the title song of the great rock 'n' roll swindle movie soundtrack album .	rock roll machine is a 1977 song by hard rock band triumph from their second album rock roll machine .	bed intruder song is a song by the gregory brothers and antoine dodson , featuring kelly dodson .	the domino theory is a song written by bill labounty and beckie foster , and recorded by american country music artist steve wariner .	rock 'n' roll high school is a song by american punk rock group the ramones , from the soundtrack album rock 'n' roll high school .	rock and roll madonna is a rock and roll song by elton john with lyrics written by bernie taupin .	rock and roll , hoochie koo is a rock song written by rick derringer .	gillian mckeith is a song written by brett domino in 2010 .
om is a song by the british progressive rock band the moody blues that was released in july 1968 as the final track of their album in search of the lost chord .	journey to the center of the mind is a song released by the amboy dukes in 1968 .	autumn of my life is a song written and sung by bobby goldsboro , which he released in 1968 .	sinking ships is a song by the bee gees , released as the b-side of `` words '' in january 1968 .	hooked on a feeling is a 1968 pop song written by mark james and originally performed by b. j. thomas .	star of the show is a song recorded by american country music singer thomas rhett .	provider is a song by american funk rock band n * e * r * d from their debut studio album , in search of ...	lost in your love is a song by english producer redlight .	small town throwdown is a song co-written and recorded by american country rock singer brantley gilbert as a collaboration with justin moore and thomas rhett .	one of our submarines is a song by british musician thomas dolby .	lapdance is a song by american funk rock band n * e * r * d from their debut studio album , in search of ...	lost in france is a song recorded by welsh singer bonnie tyler .	lost in the sun is a song by american indie rock band ivy .	lost in the sun is a song by american indie rock band ivy .	lost in music is a 1991 song by stereo mcs .	lost someone is a song recorded by james brown in 1961 .	year of the cat is a single by british singer-songwriter al stewart , released in july 1976 .	all out of love is a song by the australian soft rock duo air supply , released in 1980 from their fifth studio album lost in love .	lost in the flood is a song by bruce springsteen .	the search is over is a 1985 song by the american rock band survivor .
same ol' love is a song written by chris austin and greg barnhill , and recorded by american country music artist ricky skaggs .	she 's taken a shine is a song written by greg barnhill and richard bach , and recorded by american country music artist john berry .	tangled up is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist billy currington .	it ai n't the whiskey is a song co-written by greg barnhill , jim daddario , and cole deggs , and recorded by american country music singer gary allan .	white wedding is a song by billy idol that appeared on his album billy idol in 1982 .	walkaway joe is a song written by vince melamed and greg barnhill , and recorded by american country music singer trisha yearwood , with background vocals from don henley of the eagles .	love and mercy is a song written by brian wilson and the opening track to his 1988 debut solo album brian wilson .	cowboy band is a song recorded by american country music artist billy dean .	the ballad of billy the kid is a song by american singer-songwriter billy joel from the album piano man .	each moment ( spent with you ) was a country song written by billy hogan .	walk a little straighter is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist billy currington .	love has no right is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist billy joe royal .	that 's how country boys roll is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist billy currington .	i got a feelin ' is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer billy currington .	back to tennessee is a country rock song by american singer-songwriter and actor billy ray cyrus .	billy the kid is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer billy dean .	your imagination is a song written by brian wilson , joe thomas and steve dahl for brian wilson 's 1998 solo album imagination .	storm in the heartland is a song written by billy henderson , curt ryle and donald burns , and recorded by american country music artist billy ray cyrus .	coward of the county is a country song written by roger bowling and billy ed wheeler , and recorded by american country music singer kenny rogers .	she could n't love me anymore is a song written by mike mcguire , billy henderson and billy maddox , and recorded by american country music artist t. graham brown .
sorry , blame it on me is the fifth single from r b singer/songwriter akon 's second studio album , konvicted ( deluxe edition ) .	redemption song is a song by bob marley .	hammer is a song by bob marley .	buffalo soldier is a reggae song written by bob marley and noel `` king sporty '' williams , and recorded by bob marley and the wailers .	no woman , no cry is a reggae song by bob marley and the wailers .	three little birds is a song by bob marley and the wailers .	punky reggae party is a song by bob marley , recorded and released in 1977 .	angel is a song by akon .	jamming is a song by the reggae band bob marley and the wailers from their 1977 album exodus .	get up , stand up is a song written by bob marley and peter tosh .	waiting in vain is a song written by reggae musician bob marley and recorded by bob marley the wailers , for his 1977 album exodus .	exodus is a song written by reggae musician bob marley and recorded by bob marley the wailers , for his 1977 album exodus .	bob marley is a song written and recorded by canadian country music artist dean brody .	words is a song by american r b singer-songwriter anthony david , from his third studio album acey duecy .	rude boy is a 1964 bob marley song .	turn your lights down low is a song by bob marley the wailers from their 1977 album exodus .	is this love is a song by bob marley and the wailers , released on their 1978 album kaya .	cowboys like us is a song written by bob dipiero and anthony smith , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .	jah live is a song by bob marley the wailers , released as a single in 1975 .	i shot the sheriff is a song written by bob marley and released in 1973 by bob marley and the wailers .
peace of mind is a song written by tom scholz and originally released by boston on their debut 1976 self-titled album .	we 're ready is a song written by tom scholz that was first released on boston 's album third stage ( 1986 ) .	a man i 'll never be is a song written by tom scholz and first released on boston 's 1978 album do n't look back .	wordy rappinghood is a song by american new wave band tom tom club .	do n't look back is a song written by tom scholz that was first released by boston in 1978 as the title track to their second album , do n't look back .	do n't look back is a song written by tom scholz that was first released by boston in 1978 as the title track to their second album , do n't look back .	smokin ' is a rock song by the american rock band boston , released as the b-side to the band 's first single , `` more than a feeling . ''	fine is a song by hard rock band aerosmith .	feelin ' satisfied is a 1979 song written by tom scholz for the boston band album do n't look back .	i need your love is a song by the american rock band boston , released on their 1994 album walk on .	bitch 's brew is a song from hard rock band aerosmith 's seventh studio album , rock in a hard place .	hard as a rock is a song and a single by the australian hard rock band ac/dc .	the last dj is the title of a song written by tom petty and recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	please come to boston is a song that was recorded and written by american singer-songwriter dave loggins .	even the losers is a song written by tom petty and recorded by tom petty and the heartbreakers .	janie 's got a gun is a song performed by american hard rock band aerosmith and written by steven tyler and tom hamilton .	mary jane 's last dance is a song written by tom petty and recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	tom robinson band ( trb ) are a british rock band , established in 1976 by singer , songwriter and bassist tom robinson .	hard luck woman is a song by american hard rock band kiss and the lead single from their 1976 album , rock and roll over .	i need to know is a song written by tom petty and recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .
daddy mine is a world war i song released in 1918 .	berlin bound is a world war i song written in 1918 .	two little boys is a song written by american composer theodore f. morse and lyricist edward madden .	i wonder what they 're doing tonight ( your girl and mine ) is a song from 1918 by composer john c. egan and lyricists lew brown and al harriman .	so close is a song written by composer alan menken and lyricist stephen schwartz for walt disney pictures ' enchanted .	trains and boats and planes is a song written by composer burt bacharach and lyricist hal david , and first recorded in 1965 .	'' ( why did i tell you i was going to ) shanghai '' is a popular song written by bob hilliard ( lyricist ) and milton de lugg ( composer ) .	i like to recognize the tune is an american popular song written by composer richard rodgers and lyricist lorenz hart .	the end of the world is a country pop song written by composer arthur kent and lyricist sylvia dee , who often worked as a team .	you ca n't get away from the blarney is a song from 1917 by composer albert von tilzer and lyricist darl mac boyle .	half a heart is a song by h claire , which became their second hit single in 2002 .	there 'll be some changes made ( `` changes '' ) is a popular song by benton overstreet ( composer ) and billy higgins 1 2 a ( lyricist ) .	mangos is a 1956 popular song written by composer dee libbey and lyricist sid wayne .	100 % is a song by swedish singer victor och natten .	sing for your supper is an american popular song by composer richard rodgers and lyricist lorenz hart .	tonight you belong to me is a popular american song , written in 1926 by lyricist billy rose and composer lee david .	ever ever after is a song by american singer carrie underwood , written by composer alan menken and lyricist stephen schwartz for enchanted ( 2007 ) .	i 've got a dream is a song written by composer alan menken and lyricist glenn slater from disney 's 2010 animated feature film , tangled .	all the kids are right is a song by american rock band local h .	that 's amore is a 1953 song by composer harry warren 1 and lyricist jack brooks .
skin is a song by american rock band breaking benjamin .	like i loved you is a song recorded by american country pop singer brett young and co-written by young and jesse lee .	the diary of jane is a song by american rock band breaking benjamin .	breath is a song by american rock band breaking benjamin .	satisfaction is a song by italian dj benny benassi .	failure is a song by american rock band breaking benjamin .	rain is a song by american rock band breaking benjamin .	angels fall is a song by american rock band breaking benjamin .	until the end is a song by american rock band breaking benjamin .	torn in two is a song by american rock band breaking benjamin .	polyamorous is a song by american rock band breaking benjamin .	defeated is a song by american rock band breaking benjamin .	blow me away is a song by american rock band breaking benjamin .	so cold is a song by american rock band breaking benjamin .	sooner or later is a song by american rock band breaking benjamin .	living in fast forward is a song written by david lee murphy and rivers rutherford , and recorded by american country music singer kenny chesney that reached the top of the billboard hot country songs chart .	lookin ' for love is a song written by wanda mallette , bob morrison and patti ryan , and recorded by american country music singer johnny lee .	money , money , money is a song recorded by swedish pop group abba , written by benny andersson and björn ulvaeus .	red cold river is a song by american rock band breaking benjamin .	the glory of love is a song written by billy hill , recorded by benny goodman in 1936 , whose version was a number one pop hit .
more than a woman is a song performed by american recording artist aaliyah .	rock the boat is a song by american recording artist aaliyah .	we need a resolution is a song performed by american recording artist aaliyah .	come over is a song by american recording artist aaliyah .	down with the clique is a song by american singer aaliyah from her debut studio album `` age ai n't nothing but a number '' .	hot like fire is a song by american singer aaliyah from her second studio album one in a million .	i care 4 u is a song by american r b recording artist aaliyah .	i do n't wan na is a song by american singer aaliyah .	try again is a song by american singer aaliyah .	one in a million is a song by american singer aaliyah from her second studio album of the same name .	do n't know what to tell ya is a song by american singer aaliyah .	age ai n't nothing but a number is a song by american singer aaliyah from her debut studio album same name ( 1994 ) .	why r u is a song performed by american r b singer amerie .	808 is an r b song released in 1999 by american r b girl group , blaque .	i do is an r b song released in 1999 by the american r b vocal trio , blaque .	honey love a song by american r b singer r. kelly and american r b group public announcement .	i 'm good is an r b song released in 2004 by american r b vocal trio , blaque .	come home to me is an r b song by american r b singer miki howard .	baby , be mine is an r b song by the american r b singer miki howard .	bad habits is an r b song by american r b singer maxwell .
sitting down here is a pop song written by norwegian singer-songwriter lene marlin for marlin 's 1999 debut album , playing my game .	lucky number is a song by american recording artist lene lovich .	you were n't there is a song by norwegian singer-songwriter lene marlin .	heart made up on you is a dance-rock song 1 by american pop rock band r5 , taken from their third extended play of the same name .	comeback kid is a song written 1 and performed by noise pop duo sleigh bells , issued as the official lead single 1 for their second album reign of terror ( following the promotional single `` born to lose '' ) .	high maintenance 1 is a song by american pop singer miranda cosgrove from her second extended play of the same name .	2 become 1 is a song by american pop singer -- songwriter jewel from her fourth studio album , 0304 ( 2003 ) .	you 're my star is a pop rock 1 song by welsh rock band stereophonics from their greatest hits album , decade in the sun : best of stereophonics .	gloria is japanese pop rock singer-songwriter yui 's fifteenth single .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	obstacle 1 is a song by american rock band interpol .	baby come on home is a soul 1 song by english rock band led zeppelin .	slang 1 is a 1996 song by the english rock band def leppard from their gold album slang .	sweet disposition is a song by australian indie rock 1 band the temper trap .	raat bhar ( english : `` whole night '' ) is a pop song from the 2014 hit 1 bollywood film , heropanti .	nightclubbing is a song written by david bowie and iggy pop , 1 2 3 first released by iggy pop on his debut solo studio album , the idiot in 1977 .	lollipop is a pop song written by julius dixson 1 and beverly ross in 1958 .	the sound of musik is a 1986 song by austrian pop musician falco 1 from his album emotional .	rush is a pop rock song recorded by american pop rock duo aly aj for their debut album into the rush .	rock me gently was a billboard # 1 hit song for andy kim in 1974 .
workin ' man blues is a song written and performed by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	mama tried is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	branded man is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	the fightin ' side of me is a song written and performed by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	grandma harp is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	the legend of bonnie and clyde ' is a song written by american country music artists merle haggard and bonnie owens and performed by haggard and the strangers .	daddy frank ( the guitar man ) is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	the emptiest arms in the world is a song written and performed by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	i ca n't be myself is a song written and performed by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	swinging doors is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	if we make it through december is a song written and recorded by american country music singer merle haggard and the strangers .	the bottle let me down is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	movin ' on is a song written and recorded by american country music singer merle haggard and the strangers .	carolyn is a song written by tommy collins , and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	i threw away the rose is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	leonard is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard .	always wanting you is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	hungry eyes is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	everybody 's had the blues is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	the seashores of old mexico is a country music song written by merle haggard .
swingin ' school is a song released in 1960 by bobby rydell .	little bitty girl is a song released in 1960 by bobby rydell .	wildwood days is a song released by bobby rydell in 1963 .	the cha-cha-cha is a song released in 1962 by bobby rydell .	forget him is a song released in 1963 by bobby rydell .	we got love is a song written by bernie lowe and kal mann .	remember you 're mine is a song written by bernie lowe and kal mann and performed by pat boone .	gee , released in june 1953 by the crows , is a song which has been credited as the first rock and roll hit by a rock and roll group .	party of one is an album by english singer-songwriter nick lowe .	party of one is an album by english singer-songwriter nick lowe .	house on old lonesome road is a song written by dave gibson and bernie nelson , and recorded by american country music artist conway twitty .	rock 'n' roll high school is a song by american punk rock group the ramones , from the soundtrack album rock 'n' roll high school .	teen age prayer is a song written by bix reichner and bernie lowe and performed by gale storm .	the great rock 'n' roll swindle is the title song of the great rock 'n' roll swindle movie soundtrack album .	rock roll machine is a 1977 song by hard rock band triumph from their second album rock roll machine .	rock and roll madonna is a rock and roll song by elton john with lyrics written by bernie taupin .	daddy never was the cadillac kind is a song written by dave gibson and bernie nelson , and recorded by american country music band confederate railroad .	i love the sound of breaking glass is a song written by nick lowe , andrew bodnar , and steve goulding and performed by lowe .	rock and roll , hoochie koo is a rock song written by rick derringer .	so it goes is a song written and recorded by nick lowe in 1976 .
lucky star is a song by british electronic music duo basement jaxx .	rendez-vu is a song by english electronic music duo basement jaxx .	where 's your head at is a song by british electronic music duo basement jaxx .	u do n't know me is a song written and produced by english electronic music duo basement jaxx .	get me off is a song by british electronic music duo basement jaxx .	raindrops is a song by british electronic music duo basement jaxx .	hush boy is a song by english electronic music duo basement jaxx .	take me back to your house is a song recorded by english electronic music duo basement jaxx featuring martina sorbara .	plug it in is a song by british electronic music duo basement jaxx featuring american recording artist jc chasez .	feelings gone is a song by british electronic music duo basement jaxx .	do your thing is a song by english electronic music duo basement jaxx .	jus 1 kiss is a song recorded by english electronic dance music duo basement jaxx .	red alert is a song recorded by english electronic music duo basement jaxx .	bingo bango is a song written and recorded by english electronic music duo basement jaxx for their debut album , remedy ( 1999 ) .	romeo is a song by british electronic music duo basement jaxx , which was released on their second studio album rooty ( 2001 ) .	pilgrim is a pop rock song written by the british musicians eric clapton and simon climie .	what lovers do is a song by american pop rock band maroon 5 featuring american r b singer sza .	ready or not is a song by german dance band r.i.o. , featuring vocals from pop , r b and hip-hop singer u-jean .	komodo ( hard nights ) is a song by german dance band r.i.o. , featuring vocals from pop , r b and hip-hop singer u-jean .	turn this club around is a song by german dance band r.i.o. , featuring vocals from pop , r b and hip-hop singer u-jean .
'' ( this ai n't ) no thinkin ' thing '' is a song written by tim nichols and mark d. sanders and recorded by american country music singer trace adkins .	haunted heart is a song written by buddy brock and kim williams , and recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .	cadillac style is a song written by mark petersen , and recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .	queen of my double wide trailer is a song written by dennis linde , and recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .	love of my life is a song written by keith stegall and dan hill , and recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .	i want my money back is a song recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .	yard sale is a song written by larry bastian and dewayne blackwell , and recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .	she do n't know she 's beautiful is a song written by paul harrison and bob mcdill , and recorded by american country music singer sammy kershaw .	meant to be is a song written by chris waters and rick bowles , and recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .	national working woman 's holiday is a song written by roger murrah , pat terry and james dean hicks , and recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .	i ca n't reach her anymore is a song written by mark petersen and bruce theien , and recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .	bobbie ann mason is a song written by mark d. sanders , and recorded by american country music artist rick trevino .	it matters to me is a song written by ed hill and mark d. sanders and recorded by american country music artist faith hill .	the heart is a lonely hunter is a song written by mark d. sanders , kim williams and ed hill , and recorded by american country music artist reba mcentire .	do n't go near the water is a song written by chapin hartford and jim foster , and recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .	they 're playin ' our song is a song written by bob dipiero , john jarrard and mark d. sanders , and recorded by american country music singer neal mccoy .	i 'm over you is a song written by tim nichols and zack turner , and recorded by american country music artist keith whitley .	thank god for believers is a song co-written by mark alan springer , roger springer and tim johnson and was recorded by the american country music singer mark chesnutt .	this heartache never sleeps is a song written by tim johnson and daryl burgess , and recorded by american country music artist mark chesnutt .	goin ' through the big d is a song written by mark wright , john wright and ronnie rogers , and recorded by american country music artist mark chesnutt .
what you deserve is a song by american metal band ill niño .	down is a song by american nu metal band motograter .	what comes around is a song by american heavy metal band ill niño .	daddy is a song recorded , and performed by american nu metal band korn for their self-titled debut album .	this time 's for real is a song by american metal band ill niño .	blind is a song recorded and performed by american nu metal band korn for their self-titled debut album .	way too far is a song written and recorded by american nu metal band korn .	evolution is a song by american nu metal band korn .	hater is a song written and recorded by american nu metal band korn .	faget is a song by the american nu metal band korn .	thoughtless is a song written by american nu metal band korn for their fifth studio album , untouchables .	everybody 's fool is a nu metal song by american rock band evanescence .	rotting in vain is a song by american nu metal band korn .	going under is a nu metal song by american rock band evanescence .	metal guru is a song by the british rock band t. rex , written by marc bolan .	b.b.k. is a song written and recorded by american nu metal band korn for their third studio album , follow the leader .	black is the soul is a song by american nu metal band korn .	wait and bleed is a song from american nu metal band slipknot 's self-titled album of 1999 .	back to the primitive is a nu metal song by soulfly , released in 2000 .	shotgun is a song by american nu metal band limp bizkit from their fifth studio album , gold cobra ( 2011 ) .
sedated is a song written and performed by irish musician hozier .	from eden is a song written and performed by irish musician hozier .	someone new is a song written and performed by irish musician hozier .	and she was is a song written by david byrne for the 1985 talking heads album little creatures .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	that was a close one is a song written by robert byrne , and recorded by american country music artist earl thomas conley .	shadow of a doubt is a song written by tom wopat and robert byrne , and recorded by american country music artist earl thomas conley .	two dozen roses is a song written by mac mcanally and robert byrne , and recorded by american country music group shenandoah .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	champion sound is a song by english big beat musician fatboy slim from his compilation album the greatest hits - why try harder .	sings the songs of andrew lloyd webber is a studio album from shirley bassey released in 1993 .	save the last chance is a song written by walt aldridge and robert byrne , 1 and recorded by american country music artist johnny lee .	take that look off your face is the title of a hit song by musical theatre composer andrew lloyd webber .	road to nowhere is a rock song written by david byrne for the 1985 talking heads album little creatures .	strange overtones is a song recorded by david byrne and brian eno , written by the duo with leo abrahams .	cherry , cherry is a song written , composed , and recorded in february - march 1966 by american musician neil diamond .	under the american flag is a world war i song written by andrew b. sterling and composed by harry von tilzer .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .	everything 's alright is a song from the musical jesus christ superstar by tim rice and andrew lloyd webber .
best friend is a song by american rapper yelawolf featuring eminem .	legacy is a song by american hip hop recording artist eminem .	headband is a song by american hip hop recording artist b.o.b .	strange clouds is a song by american hip hop recording artist b.o.b , featuring fellow american rapper lil wayne and produced by dr .	my band is a song by american hip hop group d12 .	roses is a song by american hip hop duo outkast .	shifftee is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	hip hop hooray is a song by american hip hop group , naughty by nature .	weak become heroes is a song by english alternative hip hop group the streets .	girls is a song by british hip hop group n-dubz .	changes is a hip hop song by 2pac featuring talent .	u understand is song by american hip hop artist juvenile .	react is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	me-o-mi-o is a song by american hip hop artist casual .	who knows who is a rap rock song by english the alternative rock band muse and the english hip hop artist mike skinner .	do n't mug yourself is a song by english alternative hip hop group the streets .	slam is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	hop is back is a song by american hip hop recording artist hopsin .	let 's push things forward is a song by english alternative hip hop group the streets .	narcos is a song recorded by american hip hop group migos .
fake is a song written and recorded by british soft rock group simply red .	sunrise is a song by english musical group simply red .	your mirror is a 1991 song by simply red .	thrill me is a 1991 song by simply red .	for your babies is a 1991 song by simply red .	never never love is a 1996 song by simply red .	remembering the first time is a 1995 song by simply red .	knock three times is a popular song credited simply to `` dawn '' .	fear of a red planet is a song by the american synthpop band red flag .	high maintenance 1 is a song by american pop singer miranda cosgrove from her second extended play of the same name .	sister morphine is a song written by marianne faithfull , mick jagger and keith richards .	do n't you lie to me ( sometimes called `` i get evil '' 1 ) is a blues song recorded by tampa red in 1940 .	one way ticket ( because i can ) or simply `` one way ticket '' 1 is a song written by judy rodman and keith hinton , and recorded by american country music artist leann rimes .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	que estés ( what you would be ) , also known as simply `` que '' , is a pop rock song performed by argentine band erreway .	nightclubbing is a song written by david bowie and iggy pop , 1 2 3 first released by iggy pop on his debut solo studio album , the idiot in 1977 .	lollipop is a pop song written by julius dixson 1 and beverly ross in 1958 .	the sound of musik is a 1986 song by austrian pop musician falco 1 from his album emotional .	semplicemente ( en : simply ) is a pop song by italian duo zero assoluto , released in 2005 .	1 , 2 , 3 , red light is a song written by sal trimachi and bobbi trimachi and was recorded by 1910 fruitgum company for their 1968 album , 1 , 2 , 3 , red light .
saving grace is a song by american musician tom petty and is the lead track on his 2006 album , highway companion .	runnin ' down a dream is a song co-written and recorded by tom petty .	the last dj is the title of a song written by tom petty and recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	refugee is a song recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	a woman in love ( it 's not me ) is a song recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	mary jane 's last dance is a song written by tom petty and recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	even the losers is a song written by tom petty and recorded by tom petty and the heartbreakers .	a face in the crowd is a song co-written and recorded by tom petty .	i wo n't back down is a song by american rock musician tom petty .	rebels is a song by tom petty and the heartbreakers .	i need to know is a song written by tom petty and recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	yer so bad is a song co-written and recorded by tom petty .	change of heart is a song recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	learning to fly is a song by tom petty and the heartbreakers .	free girl now is a song by tom petty and the heartbreakers .	you wreck me is a song by tom petty from his album wildflowers .	life is a highway is a song written by tom cochrane , from his 1991 album mad mad world .	no regrets is a song by folk and blues singer/songwriter tom rush .	do n't do me like that is a song written by tom petty and recorded by tom petty and the heartbreakers .	the ghost of tom joad is a folk rock song written by bruce springsteen .
and the tide rushes in is a song from the moody blues 1970 album a question of balance , written by band member ray thomas .	the edge of forever is a song by the dream academy .	only a dream is a song released and performed by the british rock band the kinks , written by the main songwriter of the band , ray davies .	plastic man is a song written by ray davies and recorded by the kinks in 1969 .	pieces of a dream is a song by american singer anastacia from her first greatest hits album , pieces of a dream ( 2005 ) .	victoria is a song written by ray davies of the kinks .	twenty-five miles is a song written by johnny bristol , harvey fuqua , and edwin starr for starr 's second album , 25 miles ( 1969 ) .	ray of light is a song by american singer madonna .	sunday mornin ' comin ' down is a song written by kris kristofferson that was recorded in 1969 by ray stevens before becoming a number one hit on the billboard us country charts for johnny cash .	shangri-la is a song written by ray davies of the kinks .	one of our submarines is a song by british musician thomas dolby .	dream warriors is a song written by dokken members george lynch jeff pilson for the movie a nightmare on elm street 3 : dream warriors .	april rain is a song that was released on the delain album `` april rain '' .	stream of consciousness is a progressive metal song by dream theater , appearing on their 2003 album train of thought .	runaground is a song by british alternative rock band james on 25 may 1998 .	afterglow is a song by australian rock band inxs , released as the second single from the band 's eleventh studio album , switch , on 25 april 2006 .	dream a little dream of me is a 1931 song with music by fabian andre and wilbur schwandt and lyrics by gus kahn .	i had a dream , joe is a song by nick cave and the bad seeds appearing on their 1992 album henry 's dream .	bad girls is the seventh studio album by american singer and songwriter donna summer , released in april 25 , 1979 on casablanca records .	bad girls is the seventh studio album by american singer and songwriter donna summer , released in april 25 , 1979 on casablanca records .
unskinny bop is a song by american glam metal band poison , which was released as the first single from their 1990 flesh blood album .	poison is a song by british singer rita ora .	poison is a song by american rock musician alice cooper .	every rose has its thorn is the title of a power ballad 1 song by american glam metal band poison .	life goes on is a song by american glam metal band poison .	ride the wind is a song by american glam metal band poison .	poison is a song by american recording artist beyoncé .	slowly slipping away is a song by canadian glam metal band harem scarem , released as a single in 1991 .	northern star is a song by british singer-songwriter , melanie c .	jeepster is a song by english glam rock act t. rex .	heaven is a song by american glam metal band warrant .	melt is a song by british singer-songwriter melanie c .	heartbreak station is a song by glam metal band cinderella from their 1990 album of the same name .	carolyna is a song by british singer-songwriter , melanie c .	yeh yeh yeh is a song by british singer-songwriter melanie c .	hold on to 18 is a song by american glam metal band black 'n blue from their eponymous debut album , black 'n blue .	better alone is a song by british singer-songwriter , melanie c .	this time is a song by british singer-songwriter melanie c .	bang bang is a 1989 song by the american glam metal band danger danger .	sha-la-la-la-la is a song recorded by danish glam rock band walkers .
body say is a song recorded by american singer demi lovato .	tell me you love me is a song by american singer and songwriter demi lovato .	sexy dirty love is a song recorded by american singer demi lovato for her sixth studio album , tell me you love me ( 2017 ) .	you do n't do it for me anymore is a song recorded by american singer demi lovato for her sixth studio album , tell me you love me ( 2017 ) .	confident is a song by american singer demi lovato .	made in the usa is a song recorded by american singer demi lovato .	la la land is a song recorded by american singer demi lovato .	heart attack is a song by american singer demi lovato .	get back is a song performed by american singer demi lovato .	here we go again is a song performed by american singer demi lovato .	sober is a song by american singer demi lovato .	waitin for you is a song recorded by american singer demi lovato featuring rapper sirah .	neon lights is a song by american singer demi lovato from her fourth studio album , demi ( 2013 ) .	cool for the summer is a song that was recorded by american singer demi lovato .	ai n't talkin ' ` bout love is a song by american rock band van halen .	ai n't thinkin ' ` bout you is a song by rapper bow wow .	nuthin ' but a ` g ' thang is a song by american rapper dr .	keep givin ' me your love is a 1994 song by the musician cece peniston , originally from her studio album thought ` ya knew .	'' ` let me down easy ' '' is a 1965 song recorded by american soul singer bettye lavette .	talkin ' ` bout you is a song written by ray charles .
tragedy + time is a song by american punk rock band rise against .	i do n't want to be here anymore is a song by american punk rock band rise against .	give it all is a song by american rock band rise against .	the violence is a song by american punk rock band rise against .	swing life away is a song by american rock band rise against .	satellite is a song by american rock band rise against , featured on their sixth studio album endgame ( 2011 ) .	prayer of the refugee is a song by american rock band rise against , featured on their fourth studio album the sufferer the witness ( 2006 ) .	wait for me is a song by american rock band rise against , featured on their sixth studio album endgame ( 2011 ) .	the wolves is a song by british singer-songwriter ben howard .	help is on the way is a song by american rock band rise against , featured on their sixth studio album endgame ( 2011 ) .	savior is a song by american rock band rise against , featured on their fifth studio album appeal to reason ( 2008 ) .	333 is a song by the punk rock band against me !	hero of war is a 2008 song by rise against from the album appeal to reason .	all rise is a song by english boy band blue .	rise is a song by american singer katy perry .	rise is a song by english singer gabrielle .	rise shine is a song by the cardigans .	rise today is a song by american hard rock band alter bridge .	against the wall is a song by rock band seether .	against the wind is a song by bob seger the silver bullet band from the 1980 album against the wind .
love ballad is a song by swedish recording artist and songwriter tove lo .	true disaster is a song by swedish singer and songwriter tove lo released as the second single from lady wood ( 2016 ) , her second studio album .	moments is a song by swedish singer and songwriter tove lo .	heroes ( we could be ) is a song by swedish dj and record producer alesso , featuring the vocals of swedish singer tove lo .	white light moment is a single by swedish singer , songwriter , pianist , and model tove styrke , released from her debut album tove styrke .	talking body is a song by swedish singer and songwriter tove lo , released to american contemporary hit radio on 13 january 2015 by republic records .	blow that smoke is a song by american electronic music group major lazer featuring swedish singer tove lo , released on october 17 , 2018 .	i know ur girlfriend hates me is an electropop song performed by norwegian recording artist annie .	lonely is a song by danish electropop singer medina from her international debut album welcome to medina .	samantha is an electropop song performed by norwegian singer margaret berger .	dollhouse is an electropop song by american pop singer-songwriter priscilla renea from her debut album , jukebox .	three days is a song on jane 's addiction 's 1990 album , ritual de lo habitual .	night is young is an electropop song by canadian recording artist nelly furtado .	ode to the bouncer is a song written , performed and produced by electropop group studio killers .	stjärnorna , written by lena philipsson and torgny söderberg , is a song performed by lena philipsson on her 1995 album lena philipsson .	you and i is a song by danish electropop singer medina .	electropop is a song released from the electronic dance group jupiter rising 's album electropop .	non me lo so spiegare is a song written and recorded by italian singer tiziano ferro .	execute me is a song by danish electropop singer medina .	det svär jag på is a song written by lena philipsson and torgny söderberg , and performed by arvingarna at melodifestivalen 1999 , where it ended up third .
heart on fire is the name of one of ruslana 's new songs .	znayu ya ( `` i know '' ) is a song of ukrainian singer ruslana released in 2001 .	dva puti , dva shliakhy is a song recorded by the ukrainian singer , ruslana , and russian pop star , varvara .	wind song is a popular song by ruslana ( winner of the eurovision song contest 2004 ) .	carnival is a pop song by the cardigans .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	non ti scordar mai di me ( never forget about me ) is a pop song performed by italian pop singer giusy ferreri .	lay your love on me is a pop song by the british pop group racey , and was their second single release .	boy oh boy is a pop song by the british pop group racey and it is their fourth single release .	on the ride is a pop song recorded by american teen pop duo aly aj for their debut album into the rush .	some girls is a pop song by the british pop group racey , it was their third single release .	aşk sakızı is a pop song by hepsi .	my friend jack is a psychedelic pop song released by the english pop group the smoke in 1967 .	come back to me is a pop and r b song by japanese american pop singer utada .	falling in love with only you is an pop song written and produced by terry britten and recorded by australian pop singer christie allen .	potremmo ritornare is a pop song written by italian pop singer tiziano ferro .	rush is a pop rock song recorded by american pop rock duo aly aj for their debut album into the rush .	goosebumps is an pop song written by terry britten and b. a. robertson and recorded by australian pop singer christie allen .	keep on smilin ' is an pop song written by george young and harry vanda and recorded by australian pop singer john paul young .	bang bang is a song written by iggy pop and ivan kral in 1981 for iggy pop 's party album .
snap out of it is a song by english indie rock band arctic monkeys from their fifth studio album , am .	matador is a song by arctic monkeys .	four out of five is a song by english indie rock band arctic monkeys .	my propeller is a song by the english indie rock band arctic monkeys .	fake tales of san francisco is a song by english indie rock band arctic monkeys originally released on the band 's first ep five minutes with arctic monkeys in may 2005 .	when the sun goes down is a song by english indie rock band arctic monkeys .	twenty two is a song by the swedish punk rock band millencolin from the album for monkeys .	sheena is a punk rocker is a song by the punk rock group the ramones .	cornerstone is a song by the english indie rock band arctic monkeys , released as the second single from their third album humbug .	tranquility base hotel casino is a song by english indie rock band arctic monkeys .	leave before the lights come on is a song by english indie rock band arctic monkeys .	crying lightning is a song by the english indie rock band arctic monkeys , released as the first single from their third album humbug .	lozin ' must is a song by the swedish punk rock band millencolin from the album for monkeys .	teddy picker is a song by the english indie rock band arctic monkeys , released as the third single 2 from their second album favourite worst nightmare .	i choose is a punk rock song by the offspring .	responsibility is a song by punk rock band , mxpx .	punk rock song is a song written by greg graffin from the punk rock group bad religion .	days go by is a pop punk song by the american punk rock band the offspring .	hit that is a pop punk song released by the american punk rock band the offspring .	punk rock 101 is a song by american rock band bowling for soup .
i 'll be is a song recorded by american rapper foxy brown for her debut studio album ill na na ( 1996 ) , featuring american rapper jay-z .	snapshot is a song by rupaul , released as the first single from her second album , foxy lady .	san francisco ( you 've got me ) is a disco song by the american disco group village people .	death disco is a song by public image ltd .	y.m.c.a. is a song by the american disco group village people .	disco lies is a song by american electronica musician moby .	down the dustpipe is a song written by australian singer-songwriter carl groszman .	i love the nightlife ( disco ` round ) is a popular disco song recorded by alicia bridges in 1978 .	disco duck is a satirical disco novelty song performed by rick dees and his cast of idiots .	disco inferno is a song by american rapper 50 cent .	everybody 's trying to be my baby is a rockabilly song credited to carl perkins .	'' ( your love keeps lifting me ) higher and higher '' is an r b song written by gary jackson and carl smith , and produced by carl davis .	river song is a song written by dennis wilson and his younger brother carl wilson .	dancin ' shoes is a song written by carl storie and performed by nigel olsson .	disco inferno is a song by american disco band the trammps from their 1976 fourth studio album of the same name .	let the jukebox keep on playing is a 1955 country song written by carl perkins .	disco romancing is a song by romanian artist elena gheorghe .	lose you is an italo disco song written by peaches and simian mobile disco , and produced by simian mobile disco .	silent storm is a song by norwegian singer carl espen .	disco la passione is a 1996 song by chris rea .
good cop , bad cop is a song by american rapper ice cube .	it was a good day ( aka `` today was a good day '' ) is a song by american gangsta rapper ice cube .	rollin ' in my 5.0 is a hip hop song written by american rapper vanilla ice .	v.i.p is a song by nigerian hip hop recording artist ice prince .	i love you is a hip hop song written by american rapper vanilla ice .	the world is mine is a song written , produced and performed by american recording artist ice cube .	really doe is a song recorded by american rapper and actor ice cube on his fourth studio album , lethal injection ( 1993 ) which serves as the lead single from the album .	arrest the president is a political song by american rapper ice cube , 1 2 released by interscope records on november 9 , 2018 .	changes is a hip hop song by 2pac featuring talent .	drinking champagne is a song written by bill mack .	baby got back is a 1992 hip hop song written and recorded by american rapper sir mix-a-lot , which appeared on his album mack daddy .	local rappers ' is a song by nigerian rap artist reminisce featuring vocals from olamide and phyno .	california love is a hip hop song by 2pac featuring dr .	in the land o ' yamo yamo is a world war i song written in 1917 .	strange relationship is a song from american musician prince 's 1987 double album , sign o ' the times .	secret o ' life is a song written by james taylor that first appeared on his 1977 album jt .	toi + moi is a 2008 pop song recorded by french singer grégoire .	pas toi is a 1985 song recorded by french singer-songwriter and composer jean-jacques goldman .	sweet child o ' mine is a song by american rock band guns n ' roses , appearing on their debut album , appetite for destruction .	dangerous is a hip hop song by kardinal offishall featuring akon .
a shot of rhythm and blues is a song written by terry thompson 1 and first recorded by us soul singer arthur alexander .	go home girl is a song written by arthur alexander .	anna ( go to him ) , or simply `` anna '' , is a song written and originally recorded by arthur alexander .	burning love is a song written by dennis linde and originally recorded by country soul artist arthur alexander , who included it on his 1972 self-titled album .	every day i have to cry , also known as `` every day i have to cry some '' , is a song written by arthur alexander and first recorded by steve alaimo in 1962 .	empty space is a song by british singer james arthur .	my baby left me is a rhythm and blues song written by blues singer arthur crudup .	naked is a song recorded by british singer and songwriter james arthur .	recovery is a song recorded by british singer and songwriter james arthur .	safe inside is a song by british singer and songwriter james arthur .	criticize is a song written by alexander o'neal and jellybean johnson and recorded by american recording artist alexander o'neal .	that 's all right is a song written and originally performed by blues singer arthur crudup .	into a fantasy is a song by norwegian singer-songwriter alexander rybak .	stay with me is a song by german recording artist alexander klaws .	here i am is a song by german recording artist alexander klaws .	i breathe is a song written by alexander bard and anders wollbeck .	behind the sun is a song by german recording artist alexander klaws .	you deserve better is a song by british singer james arthur , set to be included on arthur 's third studio album .	love makes no sense is a song written by tony tolbert and lance alexander and recorded by american recording artist alexander o'neal .	murder on the dancefloor is a song written by gregg alexander and sophie ellis-bextor , produced by alexander and matt rowe for ellis-bextor 's first album , read my lips .
gone , gone , gone is a song recorded by american recording artist phillip phillips from his debut album the world from the side of the moon .	chances is a song written by gregg wattenberg and john ondrasik , and recorded by ondrasik under his stage name five for fighting .	release me is a song written and recorded by wilson phillips , their second single from their debut album wilson phillips .	hold on is a song recorded by american vocal group wilson phillips .	you wo n't see me cry is a song by american group wilson phillips from their second studio album , shadows and light ( 1992 ) .	safe in my garden is a song written by john phillips , and recorded by the mamas and the papas .	paul phillips is an english singer-songwriter , journalist at music week , and a former a r man and record producer at cbs records .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	you 're in love is a 1991 song by the pop rock band wilson phillips .	sugartime is a popular song written by charlie phillips and odis echols and published in 1957 .	i 'm movin ' on is a song written by phillip white and d. vincent williams and recorded by american country music group rascal flatts .	the dream is still alive is a song recorded by wilson phillips and released as a single in june 1991 .	come back to me is a pop and r b song by japanese american pop singer utada .	kokomo is a song written by john phillips , scott mckenzie , mike love , and terry melcher and recorded by american rock band the beach boys .	lift him up that 's all is a gospel blues song recorded in 1927 by washington phillips .	last night 's letter is a song written by gloria e harvey , phillip l stewart , cedric r hailey and recorded by k-ci jojo that was their third single from their debut album , love always .	life happened is a song written by kerry kurt phillips and patrick jason matthews , and recorded by american country music artist tammy cochran .	potremmo ritornare is a pop song written by italian pop singer tiziano ferro .	go where you wan na go is a 1965 song written by john phillips .	it 's all the same to me is a song written by kerry kurt phillips and jerry laseter , and recorded by american country music artist billy ray cyrus .
stay young is a song by australian rock band inxs .	new sensation is a song by the australian rock group inxs .	do n't change is a song by australian rock band inxs .	big on love is a song by australian new wave rock band models .	secret separation is a song by british new wave rock group the fixx , from their fourth studio album walkabout .	vienna is a song by british new wave band ultravox .	the night is still young is a single by rock singer billy joel released as a new song from his greatest hits album greatest hits - volume i and ii .	wordy rappinghood is a song by american new wave band tom tom club .	fall out is a song by english new wave rock band the police .	in too deep is a pop song written by rick nowels and produced by andrew farriss for jenny morris 's fourth studio album salvation jane ( 1995 ) .	dreaming is a song by the american new wave band blondie .	girls talk is a new wave song written by elvis costello .	no exit is a song by the american new wave band blondie .	crosseyed and painless is a song by american new wave band talking heads .	s.o.s. is a song by english new wave and synth-pop band abc .	love is reason is a song by the norwegian new wave band a-ha .	belinda is a 1981 song by the british new wave duo eurythmics .	the perfect kiss is a song by the english alternative dance and rock band new order .	be near me is a song by english new wave and synth-pop band abc .	love pains is a dance song written by michael price , dan walsh and steve barri .
sideline ho is a song by american r b recording artist monica .	one minute man is a song written by american recording artist missy `` misdemeanor '' elliott .	just right for me is a r b song by american r b recording artist monica , featuring guest vocals from rapper lil wayne .	so gone is a song by american r b recording artist monica .	we run this a song by american recording artist missy elliott .	teenage dirtbag is a song and debut single by american pop rock group wheatus .	pep rally is a song by american recording artist missy elliott .	beep me 911 is a song recorded by american rapper missy `` misdemeanor '' elliott , featuring vocals by r b trio 702 and rapper magoo .	i 'm really hot is a song by american recording artist missy elliott .	teary eyed a song by american recording artist missy elliott .	1 , 2 step is a song recorded by american singer ciara featuring american rapper missy elliott for ciara 's debut album , goodies .	the rain ( supa dupa fly ) is a 1997 hit song recorded by american rapper missy `` misdemeanor '' elliott .	4 my people is a song by american recording artist missy elliott .	lose control is a hit song by american rapper missy elliott featuring singer ciara and rapper fatman scoop .	fakin ' it is a song by american r b singer k. michelle , featuring guest vocals by grammy award -- winning rapper missy elliott .	pass that dutch is a song by american recording artist missy elliott .	without me is a song by american recording artist fantasia featuring kelly rowland and missy elliott .	ching-a-ling is a song by missy elliott , and is the lead single for the step up 2 the streets soundtrack .	gossip folks is a song by american hip-hop artist missy elliott , featuring ludacris .	hold on , we 're going home is a song by canadian rapper drake , featuring the r b group majid jordan .
disappointed is a song by american indie rock band ivy .	fascinated is a song by american band ivy .	edge of the ocean is a song by american indie rock band ivy .	you do n't know anything is a song by american indie rock band ivy .	knowledge is a song by american band operation ivy .	distant lights is a song by american indie rock band ivy .	thinking about you is a song by american indie rock band ivy .	do n't believe a word is a song by american indie rock band ivy .	do n't believe a word is a song by american indie rock band ivy .	do n't believe a word is a song by american indie rock band ivy .	throw it down is a song by american rapper and model dominique young unique .	international is a song by english record production duo chase status .	lost in the sun is a song by american indie rock band ivy .	lost in the sun is a song by american indie rock band ivy .	blind faith is a song by british drum and bass duo chase status .	broken leg is an indie rock song written and recorded by australian indie rock band bluejuice .	little bit of you is a song recorded by american country music artist chase bryant .	chase ( also known as `` the chase '' ) is a 1978 instrumental composition song by italian music producer giorgio moroder .	chase the sun is a song by the italian electronic music group planet funk .	ready set roll is a song recorded by american country music artist chase rice .
substitute is a song by the english rock band the who , written by pete townshend .	christmas is a song written by pete townshend and is the seventh song on the who 's rock opera tommy .	pictures of lily is a single by the british rock band the who , written by guitarist and primary songwriter pete townshend .	be lucky is a song by the who , written by pete townshend and recorded for the band 's compilation album the who hits 50 !	eminence front is a song written and sung by pete townshend of the who .	naked eye is a song by the who , written by pete townshend .	real good looking boy is a song written by the guitarist of the british rock band the who , pete townshend .	the acid queen is a song written by pete townshend and is the ninth song on the who 's rock opera album tommy .	overture is a song by english rock band the who , written by pete townshend .	give blood is a song by pete townshend , the guitarist for the who .	tattoo is a song written by pete townshend that was first released by the who on their 1967 album the who sell out .	bargain is a song written by pete townshend that was first released by the who on their 1971 album who 's next .	i 'm a boy is a 1966 rock song written by pete townshend for the who .	getting in tune is a song written by pete townshend and originally released by the who on their 1971 album who 's next .	i 'm free is a song written by pete townshend and performed by the who on the album tommy .	let 's see action is a song written and composed by pete townshend and recorded by the who .	wo n't get fooled again is a song by the english rock band the who , written by pete townshend .	odorono is a song written by pete townshend that was first released by english rock band the who on their 1967 album the who sell out .	the kids are alright is a song written by pete townshend of the who .	going mobile is a song written by pete townshend and originally released by the who on their 1971 album who 's next .
bring the pain is a song recorded by the rap artist method man .	rhythm of love is a song by american rock band plain white t 's .	pain is a song by american rock band jimmy eat world .	fuck the pain away is a song by canadian electronic artist peaches .	until the pain is gone is a single by british singer-songwriter daley .	addicted to pain is a song by american hard rock band alter bridge .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	something for the pain is a song by american rock band bon jovi .	familiar pain is a song recorded by american country music group restless heart .	sticks n stones is the fourth official single by singer-songwriter jamie t .	evil is a song by r b band earth , wind fire which was written by philip bailey and maurice white .	war pain is a song by american rapper meek mill featuring omelly .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	drug dealers anonymous is a song by american rapper pusha t .	dead leaves and the dirty ground is a song by american garage rock band the white stripes , featured on their 2001 third studio album white blood cells .	pain is a 1994 eurodance song by german band fun factory .	ne t ` enfuis pas is a song written and recorded by kate bush .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	que je t ` aime is a song by french singer johnny hallyday .	je t ` aime , je t ` aime , je t ` aime is a song by french singer johnny hallyday from his 1974 studio album je t ` aime , je t ` aime , je t ` aime .
work is a song recorded by american recording artist ciara for her third studio album fantasy ride ( 2009 ) .	love sex magic is a song recorded by american singer ciara for her third studio album , fantasy ride ( 2009 ) .	get up is a song by dutch dj r3hab and american r b singer ciara .	ca n't leave 'em alone is a r b song recorded by american singer ciara and rapper 50 cent for ciara 's second album , ciara : the evolution ( 2006 ) .	and i is a song written by american r b singer ciara , and produced by adonis shropshire for ciara 's first album , goodies ( 2004 ) .	ride like the wind is a song written and recorded by american singer-songwriter christopher cross .	sailing is a 1980 soft rock song written and recorded by american artist christopher cross .	true love waits : christopher o'riley plays radiohead is the first tribute album by classical pianist christopher o'riley of songs by the alternative rock band radiohead .	my only wish is a holiday song written by jessica simpson , aaron pearce and christopher stewart , recorded by american singer-songwriter jessica simpson .	think of laura is a popular song by the american grammy award-winning singer-songwriter christopher cross .	all right is a song written and recorded by american singer-songwriter christopher cross .	never be the same is the title of the third single by singer-songwriter christopher cross , released from his debut grammy award-winning album christopher cross .	be my girl is a song performed by american r b group the dramatics , issued as the second single from their seventh studio album joy ride .	black velvet is a song written by canadian songwriters christopher ward and david tyson , recorded by canadian singer songwriter alannah myles .	808 is an r b song released in 1999 by american r b girl group , blaque .	all i see is a song by american r b artist christopher williams recorded for his second album changes ( 1992 ) .	i ca n't wait is a contemporary rock song written by brooke mcclymont , christopher ward and matthew gerrard .	i do is an r b song released in 1999 by the american r b vocal trio , blaque .	sorrento moon ( i remember ) is a song written by tina arena , david tyson and christopher ward for arena 's second album do n't ask ( 1994 ) .	baby , be mine is an r b song by the american r b singer miki howard .
good boys is a song by the american band blondie .	in the flesh is a song by american band blondie .	picture this is a song by the american rock band blondie .	rip her to shreds is a song by american new wave band blondie , which features on the band 's self-titled debut album .	dreaming is a song by the american new wave band blondie .	call me is a song by the american new wave band blondie and the theme to the 1980 film american gigolo .	no exit is a song by the american new wave band blondie .	eat the music is a song written and recorded by kate bush .	pain is a song by american rock band jimmy eat world .	sentimental is a song by canadian singer deborah cox .	sweetness is a song by american rock band jimmy eat world .	undress to the beat is a dance-pop song performed by german recording jeanette .	september is a song by canadian singer deborah cox .	the middle is a song by american rock band jimmy eat world .	eat the rich is a song by british heavy metal band motörhead .	higher is a song by canadian singer deborah cox .	eat you alive is a song by the band limp bizkit .	love comes to everyone is a song by english musician george harrison that was released as the opening track of his 1979 album george harrison .	five minutes is a song by jerry harrison , bootsy collins and producer daniel lazerus , and credited to bonzo goes to washington .	jump to the beat is a song written by narada michael walden and lisa walden .
boogie woogie fiddle country blues is a song written and recorded by american country music group charlie daniels band .	simple man , is a song written and recorded by the charlie daniels band .	in america is a song written and performed by the charlie daniels band .	my heart belongs to only you is a song written by frank daniels dorothy daniels .	the legend of wooley swamp is a song written , composed , and recorded by the charlie daniels band .	you can trust in my love is a song recorded by canadian country music artist charlie major .	mississippi , is a song written by charlie daniels and first released on the charlie daniels band 's 1979 album million mile reflections .	this crazy heart of mine is a song recorded by canadian country music artist charlie major .	still in saigon , is a song written by dan daley and performed by the charlie daniels band and released on their 1982 album windows .	waiting on you is a song recorded by canadian country music artist charlie major .	right here , right now is a song recorded by canadian country music artist charlie major .	some days are better is a song recorded by canadian country music artist charlie major .	the devil went down to georgia is a song written and performed by the charlie daniels band and released on their 1979 1 album million mile reflections .	backroads is a song written by canadian country music artist charlie major , and recorded by american country music singer ricky van shelton .	i forgot to remember to forget is a country song written by stan kesler and charlie feathers .	someone is a song written by steve dorff , charlie black and austin roberts , and recorded by american country music artist lee greenwood .	i ca n't love you back is a song written by carson chamberlain , jeff hyde , and clint daniels and recorded by american country music artist easton corbin .	sounds like love is a song written by tommy rocco and charlie black , and recorded by american country music artist johnny lee .	roll with me is a song written by clint daniels and tommy karlas , and recorded by american country music duo montgomery gentry .	god must be busy is a song written by clint daniels and michael p. heeney , and recorded by american country music duo brooks dunn .
baby 's got her blue jeans on is a song written by bob mcdill and recorded by american country music artist mel mcdaniel .	big ole brew is a song written by russell smith , and recorded by american country music artist , mel mcdaniel .	if hollywood do n't need you ( honey i still do ) is a song written by bob mcdill , and recorded by american country music artist don williams .	'' ( turn out the light and ) love me tonight '' is a song written by bob mcdill , and recorded by american country music artist don williams .	i 've been around enough to know is a song written by bob mcdill and dickey lee .	somebody 's always saying goodbye is a song written by bob mcdill , and recorded by canadian country music artist anne murray .	the door is always open is a country song written by dickey lee and bob mcdill .	do n't close your eyes is a song written by bob mcdill , and recorded by american country music artist keith whitley .	another place , another time is a song written by bob mcdill and paul harrison , and recorded by american country music artist don williams .	i 've been loved by the best is a song written by bob mcdill and paul harrison , and recorded by american country music artist don williams .	she do n't know she 's beautiful is a song written by paul harrison and bob mcdill , and recorded by american country music singer sammy kershaw .	too good to stop now is a song written by bob mcdill and rory michael bourke , and recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .	we believe in happy endings is a song written by bob mcdill and recorded by american country music artist johnny rodriguez .	you turn me on ( like a radio ) is a song written by bob mcdill and jim weatherly , and recorded by american country music artist ed bruce .	nobody likes sad songs is a song written by bob mcdill and wayland holyfield , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie milsap .	blind in love is a song written by bob corbin , and recorded by american country music artist mel tillis .	it 's time for love is a song written by bob mcdill and hunter moore , and recorded by american country music artist don williams .	catfish john is a song written by bob mcdill and allen reynolds , and recorded by american country music artist johnny russell .	i 'll do it all over again is a song written by bob mcdill and wayland holyfield , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	all the good ones are gone is a song written by dean dillon and bob mcdill , and recorded by american country music artist pam tillis .
busy man is a song written by bob regan and george teren , and recorded by american country music artist billy ray cyrus .	you wo n't be lonely now is a song written by brett james and john bettis , and recorded by american country music singer billy ray cyrus .	back to tennessee is a country rock song by american singer-songwriter and actor billy ray cyrus .	she 's not cryin ' anymore is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer billy ray cyrus .	my heart is set on you is a song written and recorded by american country music artist lionel cartwright .	what kind of fool is a song written and recorded by american country music artist lionel cartwright .	ready , set , do n't go is a country song performed by american singers billy ray cyrus and miley cyrus .	working man is a song written by jim hurt and billy ray reynolds , and recorded by american country music artist john conlee .	do n't believe my heart ca n't stand another you is a song written billy ray reynolds , and recorded by american country music artist tanya tucker .	it 's all the same to me is a song written by kerry kurt phillips and jerry laseter , and recorded by american country music artist billy ray cyrus .	leap of faith is a song written and recorded by american country music singer lionel cartwright .	say it 's not true is a song written and recorded by american country music artist lionel cartwright .	storm in the heartland is a song written by billy henderson , curt ryle and donald burns , and recorded by american country music artist billy ray cyrus .	somebody said a prayer is a song written by neil thrasher and craig wiseman , and recorded by american country music artist billy ray cyrus .	in my eyes is a song written and recorded by american country music artist lionel cartwright .	somebody new is a song written by alex harvey and mike curtis , and recorded by american country music singer , billy ray cyrus .	give me his last chance is a song written and recorded by american country music artist lionel cartwright .	i watched it all ( on my radio ) is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist lionel cartwright .	ten feet away is a song written by billy sherrill , troy seals and max d. barnes , and recorded by american country music artist keith whitley .	billy the kid is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer billy dean .
gorgeous is a song by american hip hop recording artist kanye west from his fifth studio album , my beautiful dark twisted fantasy ( 2010 ) .	power ( often stylized as `` power '' ) is a song by american hip hop recording artist kanye west , released as the lead single from his fifth studio album , my beautiful dark twisted fantasy ( 2010 ) .	hell of a life is a song by american hip hop recording artist kanye west from his fifth studio album , my beautiful dark twisted fantasy ( 2010 ) .	monster is a song by american hip hop recording artist kanye west , released as the third single from his fifth studio album , my beautiful dark twisted fantasy ( 2010 ) .	blame game is a song by american hip-hop recording artist kanye west from his fifth studio album , my beautiful dark twisted fantasy ( 2010 ) .	so appalled is a song by american hip hop recording artist kanye west from his fifth studio album , my beautiful dark twisted fantasy ( 2010 ) .	runaway is a song by american hip hop recording artist kanye west , released as the second single from his fifth studio album , my beautiful dark twisted fantasy ( 2010 ) .	devil in a new dress is a song by american hip hop recording artist kanye west from his fifth studio album , my beautiful dark twisted fantasy ( 2010 ) .	lost in the world is a song by american hip hop recording artist kanye west from his fifth studio album , my beautiful dark twisted fantasy ( 2010 ) .	all of the lights is a song by american rapper kanye west , as the fourth single from his fifth studio album , my beautiful dark twisted fantasy ( 2010 ) .	hey mama is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west .	touch the sky is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west .	to the world is a song by american hip hop recording artists kanye west and r. kelly .	welcome to heartbreak is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west .	all falls down is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west .	hold my liquor is a song by american hip hop recording artist kanye west , taken from his sixth solo studio album yeezus ( 2013 ) .	robocop is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west , from his fourth studio album 808s heartbreak .	coldest winter is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west , from his fourth studio album 808s heartbreak .	say you will is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west , from his fourth studio album 808s heartbreak .	my band is a song by american hip hop group d12 .
king creole is a song written by jerry leiber and mike stoller .	jailhouse rock is a song written by jerry leiber and mike stoller that first became a hit for elvis presley .	black denim trousers and motorcycle boots is a song by jerry leiber and mike stoller .	fools fall in love is a song by jerry leiber and mike stoller .	three cool cats is a 1958 song written by jerry leiber and mike stoller .	drip drop is a song written by jerry leiber and mike stoller .	stand by me is a song originally performed by american singer-songwriter ben e. king and written by king , jerry leiber , and mike stoller .	one kiss led to another is a song written by jerry leiber and mike stoller and performed by the coasters .	down in mexico is a song written by jerry leiber and mike stoller and released by the coasters on their album , the coasters .	bossa nova baby is a song written by jerry leiber and mike stoller and recorded on january 22 , 1963 , at radio recorders in hollywood , ca 1 by elvis presley as part of the soundtrack of the 1963 motion picture fun in acapulco .	dreamer is a song by american r b singer-songwriter chris brown produced by troy `` r8dio '' johnson .	there goes my baby is a song written by ben e. king ( benjamin nelson ) , lover patterson , george treadwell and produced by jerry leiber and mike stoller for the drifters .	you 're no good is a song written by clint ballard , jr. , first performed by dee dee warwick for jubilee records in 1963 with production by jerry leiber and mike stoller .	two can play that game is a song by r b singer bobby brown from his album bobby .	shout and shimmy is an r b song written by james brown , and recorded by him and the famous flames .	do n't think they know is a song by american r b recording artist chris brown .	fannie mae is a 1959 song , written and performed by the american blues and r b singer , buster brown .	come back to me is a pop and r b song by japanese american pop singer utada .	jalousi is a song performed by danish pop , dance and r b singer and songwriter medina .	either way is a song by american r b singer k. michelle featuring chris brown .
cuckoo clock is a song written by brian wilson and gary usher for the american rock band the beach boys .	surfer girl is a song written , produced and sung by brian wilson for american rock band the beach boys .	409 is a song written by brian wilson , mike love , and gary usher for the american rock and roll band the beach boys .	little pad is a song written by brian wilson for the american rock band the beach boys .	wind chimes is a song composed by brian wilson for the american rock band the beach boys .	you 're welcome is a song written by brian wilson for american rock band the beach boys .	brian wilson is a song written by steven page for canadian rock band barenaked ladies as a tribute to the beach boys ' co-founder brian wilson .	spirit of america is a song written by brian wilson and roger christian for the american pop band the beach boys .	solar system is a song written by brian wilson for the american rock band the beach boys .	drive-in is a song written by brian wilson and mike love for american rock band the beach boys .	whistle in is a song written by brian wilson for american rock band the beach boys .	county fair is a song written by brian wilson and gary usher for the american rock band the beach boys .	with me tonight is a song written by brian wilson for the american rock band the beach boys .	with me tonight is a song written by brian wilson for the american rock band the beach boys .	heads you win -- tails i lose is a song written by brian wilson and gary usher for the american rock band the beach boys .	eddie my love is a 1956 doo wop song .	we 'll run away is a song written by brian wilson and gary usher for the american rock band the beach boys , released on their 1964 album all summer long .	surfin ' is a song by american rock band the beach boys , written by brian wilson and mike love .	surfin ' is a song by american rock band the beach boys , written by brian wilson and mike love .	in the back of my mind is a song written by brian wilson and mike love for american rock band the beach boys , first released on their 1965 album the beach boys today !
backroad song is a song recorded by american country music artist granger smith .	happens like that is a song by american country music singer granger smith .	if that ai n't country is a debut song co-written and recorded by american country music artist anthony smith .	kids with cars is a song recorded by canadian country rock singer dallas smith .	saturday night fish fry is a popular song written by louis jordan and ellis lawrence walsh , 1 best known through the version recorded by louis jordan and his tympany five .	happy birthday dear heartache is a song written by archie jordan and mack david , and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .	singles you up is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer jordan davis .	we got us is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer canaan smith .	what kinda love is a song recorded by canadian country rock artist dallas smith .	nothing but summer is a song recorded by canadian country rock artist dallas smith .	somebody somewhere is a song recorded by canadian country rock artist dallas smith .	it 's all i can do is a song written by richard leigh and archie jordan , and recorded by canadian country music artist anne murray .	it was almost like a song is a song written by hal david and archie jordan , and recorded by american country music singer ronnie milsap .	jumped right in is a song recorded by canadian country rock artist dallas smith .	elliott smith is the second studio album by american singer-songwriter elliott smith .	elliott smith is the second studio album by american singer-songwriter elliott smith .	elliott smith is the second studio album by american singer-songwriter elliott smith .	summer cannibals is a rock song written by patti smith and fred `` sonic '' smith , and released as a lead single from patti smith 1996 album gone again .	up there down there is a rock song written by patti smith and fred `` sonic '' smith .	then and only then is a song written by bill anderson and recorded by the american country artist , connie smith , on her connie smith .
play is a song performed by estonian singer jüri pootsmann .	aga siis ( english : `` but then '' ) is a song performed by estonian singer jüri pootsmann .	i remember u is a song performed by estonian dj trio cartoon featuring vocals from estonian singer jüri pootsmann .	torm ( english : storm ) is a song performed by estonian singer jüri pootsmann .	carnival is a pop song by the cardigans .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	lay your love on me is a pop song by the british pop group racey , and was their second single release .	dra dit pepparn växer is a song written by ulf nordquist , and originally recorded by sten stanley on the 1985 album musik , dans party .	boy oh boy is a pop song by the british pop group racey and it is their fourth single release .	some girls is a pop song by the british pop group racey , it was their third single release .	on the ride is a pop song recorded by american teen pop duo aly aj for their debut album into the rush .	non ti scordar mai di me ( never forget about me ) is a pop song performed by italian pop singer giusy ferreri .	my friend jack is a psychedelic pop song released by the english pop group the smoke in 1967 .	come back to me is a pop and r b song by japanese american pop singer utada .	potremmo ritornare is a pop song written by italian pop singer tiziano ferro .	goosebumps is an pop song written by terry britten and b. a. robertson and recorded by australian pop singer christie allen .	aşk sakızı is a pop song by hepsi .	rush is a pop rock song recorded by american pop rock duo aly aj for their debut album into the rush .	lilla ann-louise is a song written by ebbe nilsson and acke svensson , and released in 1974 as b-side for the single har du nånsin , released under sten nilsson 's solo artist name .	bang bang is a song written by iggy pop and ivan kral in 1981 for iggy pop 's party album .
redneck girl is a song written by david bellamy , and recorded by american country music duo the bellamy brothers .	sugar daddy is a song written by david bellamy , and recorded by american country music duo the bellamy brothers .	you ai n't just whistlin ' dixie is a song written by david bellamy , and recorded by american country music duo the bellamy brothers .	if i said you have a beautiful body would you hold it against me is a song written by david bellamy , and recorded by american country music duo the bellamy brothers .	feelin ' the feelin ' is a song written by david bellamy , and recorded by american country music duo the bellamy brothers .	strong weakness is a song written by david bellamy , and recorded by american country music duo the bellamy brothers .	big love is a song written by david bellamy , and recorded by american country music duo the bellamy brothers .	dancin ' cowboys is a song written by david bellamy , and recorded by american country music duo the bellamy brothers .	world 's greatest lover is a song written by david bellamy , and recorded by american country music duo the bellamy brothers .	for all the wrong reasons is a song written by david bellamy , and recorded by american country music duo the bellamy brothers .	santa fe is a song written by david bellamy and ron taylor , and recorded by american country music duo the bellamy brothers .	kids of the baby boom is a song written by david bellamy , and recorded by american country music duo the bellamy brothers .	rebels without a clue is a song written by david bellamy , and recorded by american country music duo the bellamy brothers .	i need more of you is a song written david bellamy , and recorded by american country music duo the bellamy brothers .	get into reggae cowboy is a song written by david bellamy , and recorded by american country music duo the bellamy brothers .	i love her mind is a song written by david bellamy , and recorded by american country music duo the bellamy brothers .	lovers live longer is a song written by david bellamy , and recorded by american country music duo the bellamy brothers .	crazy from the heart is a song written by david bellamy and don schlitz , and recorded by american country music duo the bellamy brothers .	i 'll give you all my love tonight is a song written by david bellamy , billy crain and wally dentz , and recorded by american country music duo the bellamy brothers .	too much is not enough is a song written by david bellamy and ron taylor , and recorded by american country music duo the bellamy brothers as a collaboration with the forester sisters .
black and blue is a rock song written by the group van halen for their 1988 album ou812 .	dreams is a song by van halen released in 1986 from the album 5150 .	little guitars is a song performed by van halen .	jump is a song by american hard rock band van halen .	love walks in is one of the five songs issued as singles from van halen 's 1986 album 5150 .	and the cradle will rock ... is a song written and performed by van halen .	ai n't talkin ' ` bout love is a song by american rock band van halen .	ca n't stop lovin ' you is a song by american hard rock band van halen .	tattoo is the first song and single from the album , a different kind of truth , from american hard rock band van halen .	panama is a song from van halen 's album 1984 .	poundcake is a van halen song and the opening track on their 1991 album for unlawful carnal knowledge .	ca n't get this stuff no more is a song on american hard rock band van halen 's 1996 compilation best of -- volume i .	unchained is a song from van halen 's fourth album , fair warning .	right now is a rock song written by the group van halen for their album for unlawful carnal knowledge .	without you is a rock song written by the group van halen for their 1998 album van halen iii .	top of the world is a rock song written by the group van halen for their 1991 album for unlawful carnal knowledge .	hot for teacher is a song by the american rock band van halen , taken from their sixth studio album , 1984 .	i 'll wait is a song by the american rock band van halen , taken from their sixth studio album , 1984 ( 1984 ) .	beautiful girls is the last song from van halen 's second album , van halen ii , from 1979 .	amsterdam is a rock song written by the group van halen for their 1995 album balance .
from the beginning is a song written by greg lake and performed by the progressive rock trio emerson , lake palmer .	still ... you turn me on is a song by the progressive rock band emerson , lake palmer .	last one standing is a song recorded by canadian country music group emerson drive .	jeremy bender is a song by the progressive rock band emerson , lake palmer .	discipline of love is a song by robert palmer .	she 's my kind of crazy is a song recorded by canadian country music group emerson drive .	when it rains , it really pours is a song originally written and recorded by billy `` the kid '' emerson .	johnny and mary is a song written and originally performed by robert palmer .	i believe in father christmas is a song by english musician greg lake with lyrics by peter sinfield .	ai n't no justice is a song recorded by canadian country music artist greg hanna .	lake of fire is a song by the american alternative rock band the meat puppets .	friend of a friend is a song performed by czech band lake malawi .	nightingale is a song written by carole king and david palmer .	let it roll is a song recorded by canadian country music groups emerson drive and doc walker .	enemiez is a song recorded by american singer keke palmer .	laura palmer is a song by british band bastille .	the crystal lake is a song by american indie rock band grandaddy from their second album , the sophtware slump .	salt lake city is a song written by brian wilson and mike love for the american rock band the beach boys .	lake by the ocean is a song recorded by american r b singer maxwell , for his fifth studio album , blacksummers ` night ( 2016 ) .	indian lake is a song with music and lyrics written by tony romeo .
november is a song by german band juli .	rock island line is an american folk song .	my rainbow race is an american folk and children 's song .	the farmer 's boy is a traditional english folk song or ballad .	tangerine is a folk rock song by the english band led zeppelin .	cleopatra is a song recorded by american folk rock band the lumineers .	radio is a song by celtic folk rock band the corrs .	peigín leitir móir is a popular irish folk song .	ophelia is a song recorded by american folk rock band the lumineers .	submarines is a song by american folk rock band the lumineers .	november spawned a monster is a song by morrissey .	holocene is a song by american indie folk band bon iver .	coming home is a song by maltese folk band firelight .	j1 is a song by brazilian folk singer mallu magalhães .	black country rock is a song written by david bowie in 1970 for the album the man who sold the world , which was released in november 1970 in the u.s .	we got ta get you a woman is a 1970 song originally performed and written by todd rundgren from the 1970 album runt .	kilburn towers is a folk song by the bee gees .	ho hey is a song by american folk rock band the lumineers .	no regrets is a song by folk and blues singer/songwriter tom rush .	the folk singer is a folk song , written by charles e. daniels and american musician johnny cash and first recorded by cash in 1968 .
words is a song by the bee gees , written by barry , robin maurice gibb .	the singer sang his song is a song written by barry , robin and maurice gibb and recorded by the english rock group bee gees , released in early 1968 as a single along with jumbo .	kitty can is a song by the bee gees , composed by barry , robin maurice gibb .	i still love you is a song by the bee gees primarily written by barry , robin maurice gibb .	only one woman is a song and the first single by english duo the marbles , written by barry , robin and maurice gibb of the bee gees .	tomorrow tomorrow is a song by the bee gees written by barry and maurice gibb .	close another door is a song written by barry , robin and maurice gibb and recorded by the bee gees , initially on their 1967 album bee gees ' 1st and later as the b-side of `` to love somebody '' .	and the sun will shine is a song by the british rock band bee gees , it was written by barry gibb , robin gibb and maurice gibb and released in february 1968 on the album horizontal .	odessa ( city on the black sea ) is a song by the english rock band the bee gees , written by barry , robin maurice gibb in 1968 and released in early 1969 .	every christian lion hearted man will show you is a song written by barry , robin maurice gibb released by the bee gees in 1967 on their album bee gees ' 1st .	more than a woman is a song by the bee gees , written by barry , robin , and maurice gibb 2 for the soundtrack to the film saturday night fever .	spicks and specks is a song by the bee gees , written by barry gibb .	melody fair is a song by the bee gees , written by barry , robin maurice gibb in 1968 and released in 1969 on their album odessa .	never say never again is a song by the bee gees , it was written by barry , robin maurice gibb in 1968 and released on the album odessa in 1969 .	tragedy is a song released by the bee gees , written by barry , robin maurice gibb , included on their 1979 album spirits having flown .	you win again is a 1987 song written by barry , robin maurice gibb and performed by the bee gees .	marley purt drive is a song recorded by the bee gees , it was written by barry , robin maurice gibb and released in march 1969 on the album odessa .	we lost the road is a song by the bee gees , it was written by barry gibb and robin gibb and was released on their 1972 album to whom it may concern .	my lover 's prayer is a song performed by the bee gees , written by barry gibb , robin gibb and maurice gibb , and was released in 1997 on the album still waters .	irresistible force is a song by the bee gees , released in march 1997 on their album still waters , this song was written by barry gibb , robin gibb and maurice gibb .
no one 's gon na love you is a song by american rock group band of horses .	pale horses ( stylized as `` pale horses '' ) is a song by american electronica musician moby .	army is an alternative rock song by the band ben folds five from their 1999 album the unauthorized biography of reinhold messner .	brick is a song by american alternative rock group ben folds five .	only the horses is a song by american band scissor sisters .	seven years of letters is a song by scottish indie rock band the twilight sad .	four out of five is a song by english indie rock band arctic monkeys .	swimming horses is a song by english post-punk band siouxsie and the banshees .	hunger of the pine is a song by english indie rock band alt-j .	edge of the ocean is a song by american indie rock band ivy .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	best day of my life is a song by american indie rock band american authors .	broken leg is an indie rock song written and recorded by australian indie rock band bluejuice .	the ghosts of beverly drive is a song by american indie rock band death cab for cutie .	fly one time is a song by singer-songwriter ben harper and rock band relentless7 .	changing of the seasons is a song by irish indie rock band two door cinema club .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	battle of who could care less is a song performed by ben folds five , released as part of their 1997 album whatever and ever amen , written by ben folds .	no sex for ben is a song by american rock band the rapture .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .
if is a song by american singer janet jackson from her fifth album janet ( 1993 ) .	nothing is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter janet jackson .	so excited is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter janet jackson featuring guest vocals from rapper khia .	throb is a song by american singer janet jackson from her fifth studio album , janet ( 1993 ) .	young love is a song by american recording artist janet jackson from her self-titled debut album ( 1982 ) .	black cat is a song by american singer janet jackson , released as the sixth single from her fourth studio album , janet jackson 's rhythm nation 1814 ( 1989 ) .	ca n't b good is a song by american recording artist janet jackson , taken from her tenth studio album discipline ( 2008 ) .	unbreakable is a song recorded by american singer janet jackson for her eleventh studio album unbreakable ( 2015 ) .	love will never do ( without you ) is a song recorded by american singer janet jackson , recorded for her fourth studio album janet jackson 's rhythm nation 1814 ( 1989 ) .	rhythm nation is a song by american singer janet jackson , released as the second single from her fourth studio album janet jackson 's rhythm nation 1814 ( 1989 ) .	state of the world is a song recorded by american singer janet jackson for her fourth studio album , janet jackson 's rhythm nation 1814 ( 1989 ) .	fast girls is a song by janet jackson and is the second and final single released from dream street .	miss you much is a song recorded by american singer janet jackson , released as the lead single from her fourth studio album janet jackson 's rhythm nation 1814 ( 1989 ) .	control is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter janet jackson for her third album control ( 1986 ) .	made for now is a song by american singer and songwriter janet jackson and puerto rican rapper daddy yankee .	nasty is a song by american singer janet jackson from her third album control ( 1986 ) .	alright is a song by american singer janet jackson from her fourth album janet jackson 's rhythm nation 1814 ( 1989 ) .	that 's the way love goes is a song by american singer janet jackson from her fifth album janet ( 1993 ) .	come back to me is a song by american singer janet jackson from her fourth studio album janet jackson 's rhythm nation 1814 ( 1989 ) .	r b junkie is a song by american singer-songwriter janet jackson from her eighth studio album , damita jo ( 2004 ) .
shoes is a song performed by canadian singer shania twain .	when you kiss me is a song by canadian singer shania twain .	now is the fifth studio album by canadian singer and songwriter shania twain .	now is the fifth studio album by canadian singer and songwriter shania twain .	now is the fifth studio album by canadian singer and songwriter shania twain .	now is the fifth studio album by canadian singer and songwriter shania twain .	now is the fifth studio album by canadian singer and songwriter shania twain .	now is the fifth studio album by canadian singer and songwriter shania twain .	now is the fifth studio album by canadian singer and songwriter shania twain .	now is the fifth studio album by canadian singer and songwriter shania twain .	now is the fifth studio album by canadian singer and songwriter shania twain .	you win my love is a song recorded by canadian country music singer shania twain .	dance with the one that brought you is a song by shania twain , released as the second single from her album shania twain .	what made you say that is a song by canadian singer shania twain .	swingin ' with my eyes closed is a song written and performed by canadian singer-songwriter , shania twain .	i 'm holdin ' on to love ( to save my life ) is a song co-written and recorded by canadian country music singer shania twain .	love gets me every time is a song by canadian singer-songwriter shania twain .	god bless the child is a song co-written and recorded by canadian country music artist shania twain .	any man of mine is a song co-written and recorded by canadian country music singer shania twain .	come on over is a song co-written and recorded by canadian country music singer shania twain .
name is an alternative rock song by the american rock band goo goo dolls .	25 minutes is a song by the danish soft rock band michael learns to rock .	cherub rock is a song by american alternative rock band the smashing pumpkins .	rock 'n' roll train is a song by australian rock band ac/dc .	i wo n't hold you back is a song by american rock band toto , written and sung by steve lukather for their fourth album , toto iv , released in 1983 ( see 1983 in music ) .	rock 'n' roll star is a song by english rock band oasis .	whatever you want is a rock song by the british rock band status quo .	rock and roll ai n't noise pollution is a song by the rock band ac/dc .	all of the dreamers is an alternative rock song recorded by australian alternative rock band powderfinger .	rock baby rock is a song by the filipino disco group vst co .	the pit is an indie rock song performed by american alternative rock music group silversun pickups .	love takes time is a popular song by the rock and soft rock band orleans .	easy now is a pop rock song , written by the british rock musician eric clapton .	rock roll machine is a 1977 song by hard rock band triumph from their second album rock roll machine .	rock 'n' roll cities is a song by the british rock group , the kinks .	rock you like a hurricane is a song by german rock band scorpions .	let there be rock is a song by australian hard rock band ac/dc .	rock 'n' roll high school is a song by american punk rock group the ramones , from the soundtrack album rock 'n' roll high school .	must of got lost is a rock song by the american rock band the j. geils band .	system overload is a garage rock song by new zealand rock and roll band the datsuns .
a garden in the rain is a popular song .	the garden of your heart is a song composed by francis dorel and edward teschemacher .	mary , mary is a song written by michael nesmith .	freeway of love is a song by american singer aretha franklin .	serenade to spring is a melody composed by rolf løvland , originally released on secret garden 's debut album songs from a secret garden ( 1995 ) .	i luh god is a song by american gospel singer erica campbell of mary mary .	spirit in the dark is a song written and performed by aretha franklin .	sea lion is a song by sage francis released as a 12 '' single .	who 's zoomin ' who is a song performed by american singer aretha franklin .	i want you is a song by australian pop duo savage garden .	i ca n't take it is a song by american record producer and edm artist dillon francis .	call me is a song written and recorded by american soul singer aretha franklin .	one step ahead is a song by american soul singer aretha franklin .	think is a song written and performed by american singer aretha franklin .	baby i love you is a popular song by r b singer aretha franklin .	garden party is a 1972 hit song written by rick nelson and recorded by him and the stone canyon band on the album garden party .	abraham , martin and john is a 1968 song written by dick holler and first recorded by dion .	jump to it is a 1982 song by american recording artist aretha franklin .	lean on me is a song by american gospel artist kirk franklin .	il faudra leur dire is a song by francis cabrel .
rock the house is a song by dutch house producer afrojack .	the weekend is a song by british dj and house music producer michael gray .	stay is a house song performed by french dj david guetta , featuring vocals from singer chris willis .	ghosts is a song by british house music band dirty vegas .	x you is a progressive house song produced by swedish house producer and dj , avicii .	take me back to your house is a song recorded by english electronic music duo basement jaxx featuring martina sorbara .	money is a house song performed by french dj david guetta , featuring vocals from singer chris willis and rapper moné .	woju is a song by nigerian afropop recording artist kiss daniel , released on september 1 , 2014 through g-worldwide entertainment .	burning house is a song by american country music singer cam .	at night is a song by swiss house music project shakedown , featuring vocals from american singer terra deva .	silhouettes is a song by swedish house producer and dj avicii featuring vocals from swedish singer salem al fakir .	just for one day ( heroes ) is a house song performed by french dj david guetta , and featuring vocals from singer david bowie .	house work is a song by english dj and record producer jax jones featuring vocals from mike dunn and british singer mnek .	play house is a single by american pop music singer and songwriter colette carr .	i am house is a song recorded , co-written , and produced by american singer crystal waters featuring the american production duo sted-e hybrid heights .	in my mind is a 2012 song by the australian house music producer and dj ivan gough and the house music duo feenixpawl featuring the vocals of the indie pop musician georgi kay .	let me love you is a song by belgian electro house artist dj rebel and swedish singer mohombi featuring shaggy .	short dick man is a song by american hip house group 20 fingers featuring rapper gillette .	let 's play house is a song by hip hop duo tha dogg pound featuring michel ` le .	i got the hoss is a song written by gerald house , and recorded by american country music artist mel tillis .
t 's all about me ' is a contemporary r b song by american recording artist mýa .	why do n't we fall in love is a song written and produced by rich harrison for american r b singer amerie 's debut album , all i have ( 2002 ) .	'' ( i 'll never be ) maria magdalena '' , often known simply by the title `` maria magdalena '' , is a disco / synthpop song by german singer sandra .	when a woman 's fed up is an r b song by r. kelly from his 1998 double album , r .	we 're not making love no more is a song performed by american contemporary r b group dru hill , released as a single from the soundtrack to the film soul food .	i wan na be rich is a song by american r b duo calloway .	tower of song : the songs of leonard cohen is a tribute album to leonard cohen , released in 1995 on a m records .	just right for me is a r b song by american r b recording artist monica , featuring guest vocals from rapper lil wayne .	the songs of leonard cohen covered is a tribute album to leonard cohen , released in 2012 .	808 is an r b song released in 1999 by american r b girl group , blaque .	oopdeewopdee is a hip hop , r b , and soul song by casablanca records recording group nss16 .	square biz is a song by american r b singer , teena marie .	i 'm good is an r b song released in 2004 by american r b vocal trio , blaque .	i do is an r b song released in 1999 by the american r b vocal trio , blaque .	same girl is a song released by r b singer r. kelly , from his 2007 album double up , with r b singer , usher .	bad habits is an r b song by american r b singer maxwell .	pass you by is an r b song released by american r b quartet boyz ii men , from their fifth studio album nathan michael shawn wanya ( 2000 ) .	come home to me is an r b song by american r b singer miki howard .	baby , be mine is an r b song by the american r b singer miki howard .	ya di ya is a song by american r b singer , gina thompson .
36d is a song written by paul heaton and dave rotheray and performed by the beautiful south .	song for whoever is a song by the beautiful south , written by band members paul heaton , and david rotheray .	old red eyes is back is a song written by paul heaton and dave rotheray and performed by the beautiful south .	perfect 10 is a song by the beautiful south , released in 1998 .	beautiful target is a song released by the south korean boy band b1a4 .	beautiful is a song by south korean boy band wan na one .	beautiful is a dance and pop song by former dance duo , disco montego , featuring guest vocals by katie underwood .	beautiful you is a song written by dave hanner , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .	candy pop is a song recorded by south korean girl group twice .	beautiful lie is a pop song recorded by american singer jennifer paige and nick carter .	hey paula is an american pop standard love song recorded by the singing duo paul paula .	i wan na do it with you is an pop song written by george young and harry vanda and recorded by australian pop singer john paul young .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	come as you were is a song written by paul craft and first recorded by american country pop music artist jerry lee lewis .	c moon is a pop song with a reggae beat , written by paul and linda mccartney and performed by wings .	the ones you love is a pop song performed by english singer rick astley and written by dave west and himself .	puzzle is a song by south korean pop rock band cnblue .	keep on smilin ' is an pop song written by george young and harry vanda and recorded by australian pop singer john paul young .	superstar is a song recorded by south korean pop duo tohoshinki , taken from their fifth japanese studio album , tone ( 2011 ) .	hide seek is a song by south korean pop duo tohoshinki , taken from their seventh japanese studio album , tree ( 2014 ) .
hands up a song by american recording group tlc .	baby-baby-baby is a song recorded by american girl group tlc .	damaged is a song by american recording group tlc .	dear lie is a song by american group tlc .	girl talk is a song by american group tlc .	waterfalls is a song by american recording group tlc .	street symphony is a song by american r b singer monica , written and produced by dallas austin for her second studio album , the boy is mine ( 1998 ) .	rollercoaster is a song recorded by irish pop girl group b * witched for their debut album , b * witched ( 1998 ) .	gone be fine is a r b song written by producer dallas austin for monica 's second studio album , the boy is mine ( 1998 ) .	way back is a song by american girl group tlc , featuring snoop dogg , from their fifth studio album , tlc ( 2017 ) .	kids with cars is a song recorded by canadian country rock singer dallas smith .	diggin ' on you is a song by american r b girl group tlc , taken from their second studio album , crazysexycool ( 1994 ) .	what kinda love is a song recorded by canadian country rock artist dallas smith .	it 's so easy is a song composed by dave watkins with words by watkins and dor lee and performed by andy williams .	somebody somewhere is a song recorded by canadian country rock artist dallas smith .	nothing but summer is a song recorded by canadian country rock artist dallas smith .	jumped right in is a song recorded by canadian country rock artist dallas smith .	the family of man is a song written in 1955 by karl dallas , under the name fred dallas .	come back to me is a pop and r b song by japanese american pop singer utada .	elvira is a song written by dallas frazier which became a famous country and pop hit by the oak ridge boys in 1981 , now considered one of their signature songs .
rue des étoiles ( english : `` stars street '' ) is a 2009 song recorded by french singer-songwriter grégoire and produced by franck authié under my major company label .	ta main ( english : `` your hand '' ) is a 2008 song recorded by french singer-songwriter grégoire and produced by franck authié under my major company label .	toi + moi is a 2008 pop song recorded by french singer grégoire .	carnival is a pop song by the cardigans .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	lay your love on me is a pop song by the british pop group racey , and was their second single release .	non ti scordar mai di me ( never forget about me ) is a pop song performed by italian pop singer giusy ferreri .	on the ride is a pop song recorded by american teen pop duo aly aj for their debut album into the rush .	boy oh boy is a pop song by the british pop group racey and it is their fourth single release .	funtime is a song written by david bowie and iggy pop , first released by iggy pop on his 1977 album entitled the idiot .	some girls is a pop song by the british pop group racey , it was their third single release .	falling in love with only you is an pop song written and produced by terry britten and recorded by australian pop singer christie allen .	come back to me is a pop and r b song by japanese american pop singer utada .	my friend jack is a psychedelic pop song released by the english pop group the smoke in 1967 .	rush is a pop rock song recorded by american pop rock duo aly aj for their debut album into the rush .	goosebumps is an pop song written by terry britten and b. a. robertson and recorded by australian pop singer christie allen .	aşk sakızı is a pop song by hepsi .	potremmo ritornare is a pop song written by italian pop singer tiziano ferro .	keep on smilin ' is an pop song written by george young and harry vanda and recorded by australian pop singer john paul young .	bang bang is a song written by iggy pop and ivan kral in 1981 for iggy pop 's party album .
ai n't talkin ' ` bout love is a song by american rock band van halen .	nuthin ' but a ` g ' thang is a song by american rapper dr .	when the ` yanks ' come marching home is a world war i era song released in 1917 .	theme song from ` which way is up ' was a hit song by r b female vocal group stargard .	ai n't talkin ' ` bout dub is a song by english electronic music group apollo 440 .	ai n't thinkin ' ` bout you is a song by rapper bow wow .	the cover of ` rolling stone ' is a song written by shel silverstein and first recorded by american rock group dr .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	talkin ' ` bout a revolution is the second single from singer-songwriter tracy chapman 's self-titled debut album .	do n't be messin ' ` round is a song by american recording artist michael jackson .	everything starts with an ` e ' is a song by e-zee possee featuring vocals from mc kinky .	'' ` movin ' on '' is a song written and recorded by english girl group bananarama .	'' ` pride n joy ' '' is a song written by american rapper fat joe .	'' ` let me down easy ' '' is a 1965 song recorded by american soul singer bettye lavette .	'' ` crimen ' '' ( spanish for crime ) is a song written and recorded by argentine rock musician gustavo cerati .	je t ` aime , je t ` aime , je t ` aime is a song by french singer johnny hallyday from his 1974 studio album je t ` aime , je t ` aime , je t ` aime .	the goonies ` r ' good enough is a 1985 song by american singer cyndi lauper .	trav ` lin ' light is a 1942 song composed by trummy young and jimmy mundy with lyrics by johnny mercer .	'' ` face the face ' '' is a song by pete townshend .	talkin ' ` bout you is a song written by ray charles .
tonight is a song written and performed by christian singer-songwriter jeremy camp .	walk by faith is a song by jeremy camp that reached number one on the hot christian songs billboard chart .	this man is a song by jeremy camp .	take you back is a song written and performed by christian singer-songwriter jeremy camp .	right here is a song written and performed by christian singer-songwriter jeremy camp .	let it fade is a song by contemporary christian musician jeremy camp from his album beyond measure .	confessin ' my love is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shawn camp .	stay is the fifth single from christian singer-songwriter jeremy camp 's first major label full-length album stay , released on june 24 , 2003 .	i still believe is the fourth single from contemporary christian singer-songwriter jeremy camp 's first major label full-length album , stay , released on june 24 , 2003 .	tenting on the old camp ground ( also known as tenting tonight ) was a popular song during the american civil war .	this is me is a song by demi lovato and joe jonas from the disney channel television film camp rock and was featured on the soundtrack of the same name as the second and final single .	introducing me was a song recorded by nick jonas for the camp rock 2 : the final jam soundtrack .	fallin ' never felt so good is a debut song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shawn camp .	i need a miracle is a song by christian contemporary christian music southern rock and christian rock band third day from their eleventh studio album , miracle .	only jesus is a song by american contemporary christian and christian rock band casting crowns .	jeremy bender is a song by the progressive rock band emerson , lake palmer .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	taper jean girl is a song by american rock band kings of leon .	river of love is a song written by billy burnette , shawn camp and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .	how long gone is a song written by shawn camp and john scott sherrill and recorded by american country music duo brooks dunn .
when it started is a song by the garage rock band the strokes .	pushin ' too hard , originally titled '' ( you 're ) pushin ' too hard '' , is a song by american rock group the seeds , written by vocalist sky saxon and produced by saxon with marcus tybalt .	96 tears is a song recorded by the american garage rock band ?	the sky is a neighborhood is a song by american rock band foo fighters .	deanna is a song by nick cave and the bad seeds .	acid head is a song recorded by the american garage rock band the velvet illusions .	rag and bone is a song by the american garage rock band the white stripes .	the ship song is a song written by nick cave ( lyrics and music ) , 1 originally performed by nick cave and the bad seeds on their 1990 the good son album .	747 ( strangers in the night ) is a song by saxon from their 1980 album wheels of steel .	we no who u r is a song by the australian alternative rock band nick cave and the bad seeds .	the night sky is a song written and performed by english rock band keane .	jubilee street is a song by the australian alternative rock band nick cave and the bad seeds .	21 seconds is a song by uk garage act so solid crew .	big sky is a song by the british rock band the kinks .	a sky full of stars is a song by the british rock band coldplay .	get free is a song by the garage rock band the vines from their debut album highly evolved .	system overload is a garage rock song by new zealand rock and roll band the datsuns .	eye in the sky is a 1982 song by the british rock band the alan parsons project from the album eye in the sky .	blue sky mine is a song by australian rock band midnight oil released in 1990 as the first single from their album blue sky mining .	red right hand is a 1994 song by nick cave and the bad seeds .
like a baby is a song written by jesse stone .	i was n't with it is a song performed by jesse powell .	because you live is a song recorded by jesse mccartney written by chris braide , andreas carlsson and desmond child .	can you help me is a song written 1 and performed by american contemporary r b musician jesse johnson , issued as the second single from his debut studio album jesse johnson 's revue .	jesse hold on is a song by irish girl group b * witched .	redemption is a song by nigerian recording artist and record producer jesse jagz .	all i need is a song performed by jesse powell , issued as the lead single from his eponymous debut album .	atlanta lady ( something about your love ) is a song written by jesse barish and performed by marty balin .	pale moon ( an indian love song ) is a popular song composed by frederic knight logan with lyrics by jesse g. m. glick .	jesse is a song written and performed by carly simon and produced by mike mainieri .	count on me is a 1978 song and single by jefferson starship written by jesse barish for the album earth .	hearts is a song written by jesse barish and performed by marty balin in 1981 , included in his debut solo album balin .	do n't let go is a song written by jesse stone .	like i loved you is a song recorded by american country pop singer brett young and co-written by young and jesse lee .	i 'm gon na miss you , girl is a song written by jesse winchester , and recorded by american country music artist michael martin murphey .	do it for love is a song written by jesse barish and performed by marty balin .	how great is our god is a song written by chris tomlin , jesse reeves and ed cash .	speedoo is a song written by esther navarro and performed by the cadillacs featuring the jesse powell orchestra .	better to lie is a song by american music producer benny blanco , american singer jesse rutherford and american rapper swae lee .	el circo ( `` the circus '' ) is a 1996 song written by jesse armenta and recorded by mexican group los tigres del norte .
old alabama is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer brad paisley , featuring guest vocals from the band alabama .	my home 's in alabama is a song written by randy owen and teddy gentry , and recorded by american country music band alabama .	tar top is a song written by randy owen , and recorded by american country music group alabama .	lady down on love is a song written by randy owen , and recorded by american country music band alabama .	american country love song is a song recorded by american country music artist jake owen .	tennessee river is a song written by randy owen , and recorded by american country music band alabama .	mountain music is a song written by randy owen , and recorded by american country music band alabama .	feels so right is a song written by randy owen , and recorded by american country music band alabama .	hold on is a song by american rock band alabama shakes .	she 's got that look in her eyes is a song written by randy owen and teddy gentry , and recorded by american country music group alabama .	face to face is a song written by randy owen and recorded by american country music group alabama .	sad lookin ' moon is a song written by randy owen , teddy gentry and greg fowler , and recorded by american country music group alabama .	reckless is a song written by michael clark and jeff stevens , and recorded by american country music group alabama .	fallin ' again is a song written randy owen , teddy gentry and greg fowler , and recorded by american country music group alabama .	anywhere with you is a song recorded by american country music artist jake owen .	every little thing is a song by jeff lynne .	beachin ' is a song recorded by american country music artist jake owen .	dancin ' , shaggin ' on the boulevard is a song written by randy owen , teddy gentry and greg fowler , and recorded by american country music band alabama .	tell me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer jake owen .	doin ' that crazy thing is a song by jeff lynne .
bitte bitte ( `` bitte , bitte '' on cd ) -lsb- please please -rsb- is a song by die ärzte .	westerland is a punk song by die ärzte .	friedenspanzer ( in german : peace tank ) is a punk song by die ärzte .	du willst mich küssen -lsb- you want to kiss me -rsb- is a punk song by die ärzte .	dinge von denen -lsb- things of which -rsb- is a song by die ärzte .	für immer -lsb- forever -rsb- is a punk song by die ärzte .	elke is a punk song by die ärzte .	2000 mädchen -lsb- 2000 girls -rsb- is a punk song by die ärzte .	manchmal haben frauen ... ( `` sometimes women have ... '' ) is a song by die ärzte .	sheena is a punk rocker is a song by the punk rock group the ramones .	responsibility is a song by punk rock band , mxpx .	i choose is a punk rock song by the offspring .	last one to die is a song by the american punk rock band rancid .	carnival in rio ( punk was ) is a song by die toten hosen and ronnie biggs .	all die ganzen jahre ( all the whole years ) is a song by die toten hosen .	hit that is a pop punk song released by the american punk rock band the offspring .	punk rock song is a song written by greg graffin from the punk rock group bad religion .	days go by is a pop punk song by the american punk rock band the offspring .	punk rock 101 is a song by american rock band bowling for soup .	friss oder stirb ( feed or die ) is a song by die toten hosen .
love wo n't let me is a song recorded by american country music artist tammy cochran .	there 's your trouble is a song written by mark selby and tia sillers , and recorded by american country music band dixie chicks .	angels in waiting is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer tammy cochran .	weekend is a song recorded by eddie cochran .	'' 'til i can make it on my own '' is a song co-written and first recorded by american country music artist tammy wynette .	a dozen red roses is a song recorded by american country music artist tammy graham .	life happened is a song written by kerry kurt phillips and patrick jason matthews , and recorded by american country music artist tammy cochran .	golden ring is a song made famous by country music singers george jones and tammy wynette .	a little bitty tear is a song written by the american country songwriter hank cochran .	my way is a song co-written and recorded by eddie cochran .	the chair is a song written by dean dillon and hank cochran and recorded by american country music artist george strait .	your love is a miracle is a song written by bill kenner and mark wright , and recorded by american country music singer mark chesnutt .	d-i-v-o-r-c-e is an american country music song written by bobby braddock and curly putman , and made famous by tammy wynette .	sweetie pie is a song written by eddie cochran , jerry capehart , and johnny russell and recorded by eddie cochran .	the eagle is a song written by mack vickery , hank cochran , and red lane , and recorded by american country music artist waylon jennings .	that 's all that matters is a song written by hank cochran , and recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .	thank god for believers is a song co-written by mark alan springer , roger springer and tim johnson and was recorded by the american country music singer mark chesnutt .	it 's not over is a song written by mark wright and larry kingston , and recorded by american country music singer mark chesnutt .	blame it on texas is a song written by ronnie rogers and mark wright , and recorded by american country music singer mark chesnutt .	goin ' through the big d is a song written by mark wright , john wright and ronnie rogers , and recorded by american country music artist mark chesnutt .
shifftee is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	see me now is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west featuring r b singers beyoncé and charlie wilson .	slam is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	react is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	roses is a song by american hip hop duo outkast .	girls is a song by british hip hop group n-dubz .	changes is a hip hop song by 2pac featuring talent .	hip hop hooray is a song by american hip hop group , naughty by nature .	1955 is a song by australian hip hop group , hilltop hoods .	highlife is a song by american hip hop group cypress hill .	u understand is song by american hip hop artist juvenile .	breakdown is a song performed by american hip hop group fu-schnickens .	hop is back is a song by american hip hop recording artist hopsin .	me-o-mi-o is a song by american hip hop artist casual .	strong again is a song by british hip hop trio , n-dubz .	gone is a song by american indie pop band jr jr from their self-titled third album , jr jr in 2015 .	rosa parks is a song by the hip hop group outkast .	swing is a 2012 song by slovak hip hop band amo .	buzzin ' is a song by american hip hop artist mann .	one time is a song by american hip hop group migos .
too good to stop now is a song written by bob mcdill and rory michael bourke , and recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .	your memory ai n't what it used to be is a song recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .	you 've got something on your mind is a song recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .	fool for your love is a song written by don singleton , and recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .	she reminded me of you is a song recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .	full grown fool is a song written by allen reynolds and carmol taylor , and recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .	tears of the lonely is a song written by wayland holyfield , and recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .	your love shines through is a song written by wayland holyfield and gary nicholson , and recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .	respire is one of mickey 3d 's most popular songs .	honky tonk memories is a song written by rory michael bourke , gene dobbins and johnny wilson , and recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .	chains of love is a song written by ahmet nugetre and harry vanwalls , and recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .	doo-wah days is a song written by edward hunnicutt , doug gilmore and gary vincent , and recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .	power of positive drinkin ' is a song written by don pfrimmer and rick klang , and recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .	that 's all that matters is a song written by hank cochran , and recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .	do n't the girls all get prettier at closing time is a song written by baker knight , and recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .	here comes the hurt again ' is a song written by jerry foster and bill rice , and recorded by american country music artist mickey gilley .	beechwood 4-5789 is a song written by marvin gaye , william `` mickey '' stevenson and george gordy .	it works is a song written by mickey cates and mark alan springer , and recorded by american country music group alabama .	dancing in the street is a song written by marvin gaye , william `` mickey '' stevenson and ivy jo hunter .	we 've got the world was the irish entry in the eurovision song contest 2003 , performed in english by mickey harte .
lady is a 1978 song written by graeham goble , and performed by australian rock music group little river band .	reminiscing is a 1978 song written by graeham goble , and performed by australian rock music group little river band .	man on your mind is a song by australian soft rock band little river band .	the other guy is a song by australian soft rock band little river band .	lonesome loser is a 1979 song written by david briggs and performed by australian rock music group little river band .	cool change is a hit song by australian rock group little river band written by lead singer glenn shorrock .	fake is a song written and recorded by british soft rock group simply red .	25 minutes is a song by the danish soft rock band michael learns to rock .	the one that you love is a popular song written by graham russell and sung by australian soft rock duo air supply from their sixth studio album of the same name .	big river is a song written and performed by jimmy nail and released on the album big river .	paint my love is a song by danish soft rock band michael learns to rock .	7 years is a song by danish soul-pop band lukas graham from their second studio album , lukas graham .	broken heroes is a 1988 song by english soft rock musician chris norman .	over my head is a soft rock song performed by american music group fleetwood mac .	love takes time is a popular song by the rock and soft rock band orleans .	the river is a song by canadian rock band the tea party .	amie is a song recorded by the american soft rock group pure prairie league .	muskrat love is a soft rock song written by willis alan ramsey .	green river is a song by american rock band creedence clearwater revival .	red cold river is a song by american rock band breaking benjamin .
i know what i 'm here for is a song by british rock band james .	harvest moon is a song written by neil young that was first released on his 1992 album harvest moon .	young at heart is a pop song first recorded in the 1980s by the british female singing trio bananarama and appeared on their debut album deep sea skiving in 1983 .	i wan na be bad is a dance-pop song by willa ford and the first single from her album willa was here .	irish heartbeat is a popular song that was first recorded on northern irish singer-songwriter van morrison 's 1983 album inarticulate speech of the heart .	santa claus is definitely here to stay is a christmas song recorded by james brown .	will to love is a song written by neil young that was first released on his 1977 album american stars 'n bars .	a man needs a maid is a song written by neil young that was first released on his 1972 album harvest .	cold blooded is a funk song written and recorded by rick james in 1983 .	here i am to worship is a song written by tim hughes and was released as the title song of his debut album here i am to worship .	here in my heart is a 1997 song written by glen ballard and james newton howard and performed by chicago .	america , here 's my boy was one of the most popular songs in the united states in 1917 .	it 's too funky in here is a song recorded by james brown .	she was hot is a song by the rolling stones from their 1983 album undercover .	pocahontas is a song written by neil young that was first released on his 1979 album rust never sleeps .	here 's to the band is a 1983 popular song written by sharman howe , alfred nittoli , and artie schroeck .	all time high is a 1983 single release by rita coolidge introduced as the theme song for the james bond film octopussy .	here i am again is a song written by shel silverstein that was originally performed by american country music artist loretta lynn .	here comes the rain again is a 1983 song by british duo eurythmics .	here comes summer was a 1958 song , which was written and performed by jerry keller .
live together is a song recorded by british singer lisa stansfield for her 1989 album , affection .	the only way is a song recorded by british singer lisa stansfield .	little bit of heaven is a song recorded by british singer lisa stansfield for her 1993 album , so natural .	do n't cry for me is a song recorded by british singer lisa stansfield for her 1997 eponymous album .	change is a song recorded by british singer lisa stansfield for her 1991 album , real love .	time to make you mine is a song recorded by british singer lisa stansfield for her 1991 album , real love .	8-3-1 is a song recorded by british singer lisa stansfield for her 2001 album , face up .	a little more love is a song recorded by british singer lisa stansfield for her 1991 album , real love .	so natural is a song recorded by the british singer lisa stansfield for her 1993 album , so natural .	marvellous mine is a song recorded by british singer lisa stansfield for her 1993 album , so natural .	all woman is a song recorded by british singer lisa stansfield for her 1991 album , real love .	the real thing is a song recorded by british singer lisa stansfield for her 1997 eponymous album .	set your loving free is a song recorded by british singer lisa stansfield for her 1991 album , real love .	never gon na fall is a song recorded by british singer lisa stansfield for her 1997 eponymous album .	i 'm leavin ' is a song recorded by british singer lisa stansfield for her 1997 eponymous album .	he touches me is a song recorded by british singer lisa stansfield for her 2004 album , the moment .	carry on is a song recorded by british singer lisa stansfield for her 2014 album , seven .	easier is a song recorded by british singer lisa stansfield for her 2004 album , the moment .	can you feel the beat is a song recorded by lisa lisa and cult jam and full force from their 1985 album lisa lisa cult jam with full force .	so be it is a song recorded by british singer lisa stansfield for her 2014 album , seven .
dramatic theme is the final song of pink floyd 's album soundtrack from the film more .	ibiza bar is a song by english rock band pink floyd , featured on their third album , soundtrack from the film more .	crying song is a song composed by roger waters , bassist of the british rock group pink floyd .	not now john is a song by the progressive rock band pink floyd , written by roger waters .	2000 light years from home is a song from the rolling stones ' 1967 psychedelic rock album their satanic majesties request .	this here giraffe is a song by american psychedelic rock group the flaming lips .	elephant is a song by australian psychedelic rock band tame impala .	tattva is a song by the british psychedelic rock band kula shaker , released as the band 's debut single .	conquistador is a song by the british psychedelic rock band procol harum .	love my way is a song by english band the psychedelic furs .	sister europe is a song by the english rock band the psychedelic furs , taken from the band 's 1980 debut album , the psychedelic furs .	end of the night is a song by american psychedelic rock band the doors .	comin ' back to me is a psychedelic folk song by the band jefferson airplane .	until she comes is a 1991 song by the english rock band the psychedelic furs , taken from their seventh studio album , world outside .	white hidden fire is a song written and performed by the american psychedelic rock band weird owl , from their 2007 ep nuclear psychology .	riders on the storm is a song by american psychedelic rock band the doors .	dumb waiters is a song by english rock band the psychedelic furs , released as a single in april 1981 by columbia records .	itchycoo park is a psychedelic rock song written by steve marriott and ronnie lane , first recorded by their group , the small faces .	do n't call us , we 'll call you is a hit song by the psychedelic rock band sugarloaf .	feels like we only go backwards is a song by the australian psychedelic rock band tame impala , released in october 2012 .
dirrty is a song recorded by american singer christina aguilera featuring american rapper redman from the christina 's fourth studio album stripped ( 2002 ) .	arms is a song by american singer-songwriter christina perri .	say i is a song by american singer christina milian .	change is a song recorded by american singer christina aguilera .	shotgun is a song recorded by american singer christina aguilera .	the lonely is a song by american singer-songwriter christina perri .	whatever u want is a song by american singer christina milian .	dip it low is a song by american singer christina milian from her second studio album , it 's about time ( 2004 ) .	on the ride is a pop song recorded by american teen pop duo aly aj for their debut album into the rush .	come on over baby ( all i want is you ) is a song by american singer christina aguilera , taken from her debut studio album christina aguilera ( 2000 ) .	jalousi is a song performed by danish pop , dance and r b singer and songwriter medina .	circles is a song by american singer christina aguilera , taken from her seventh studio album , lotus ( 2012 ) .	du och jag mot världen is a song written by bobby ljunggren , fredrik kempe and henrik wikström , and performed as a vocal duet by fredrik kempe and sanna nielsen at melodifestivalen 2005 .	ready or not is a song by german dance band r.i.o. , featuring vocals from pop , r b and hip-hop singer u-jean .	come back to me is a pop and r b song by japanese american pop singer utada .	komodo ( hard nights ) is a song by german dance band r.i.o. , featuring vocals from pop , r b and hip-hop singer u-jean .	giv slip is a song performed by danish pop , dance and r b singer and songwriter medina .	turn this club around is a song by german dance band r.i.o. , featuring vocals from pop , r b and hip-hop singer u-jean .	hvad der sker her is a song performed by danish r b , hip-hop and pop duo nik ras .	når intet er godt nok is a song performed by danish pop , dance and r b singer and songwriter medina .
loser is a song recorded by south korean boy band big bang .	strong baby is a song recorded by south korean boy band big bang .	girlfriend is a song recorded by south korean group big bang .	bae bae is a song recorded by south korean boy band big bang .	we like 2 party is a song recorded by south korean boy band big bang .	monster is a song recorded by south korean group big bang .	last dance is a song recorded by south korean boy band big bang .	the big bang is a song written , produced , and performed by rock mafia .	love song is a single by south korean group big bang .	big bang baby is a song featured on tiny music .	good boy is a song recorded by south korean duo gd x taeyang , members of the boy band big bang .	bang bang is a song performed by b. a. robertson .	bang bang is a hip-hop song by kardinal offishall .	dragon 's legend was a song recorded by italian group koto .	bang bang , a song by squeeze , was the second single released from their debut album squeeze .	bang bang you 're dead is a song by the band dirty pretty things .	champion sound is a song by english big beat musician fatboy slim from his compilation album the greatest hits - why try harder .	bang bang boom is a song by canadian pop rock band the moffatts .	bang bang bang is a song performed by american band selena gomez the scene , from their third studio album , when the sun goes down ( 2011 ) .	bang bang is a 1989 song by the american glam metal band danger danger .
so far ... is a song by american hip hop recording artist eminem , taken from his eighth studio album the marshall mathers lp 2 ( 2013 ) .	bad guy is a song by american rapper eminem , taken from his eighth album the marshall mathers lp 2 ( 2013 ) .	the way i am is a song by american rapper eminem from his third album the marshall mathers lp ( 2000 ) .	rhyme or reason is a song from eminem 's eighth studio album the marshall mathers lp 2 .	the real slim shady is a song by american rapper eminem from his third album the marshall mathers lp ( 2000 ) .	n 2 gether now is a hip hop song by the american band limp bizkit and the rapper method man .	banned in the u.s.a. is a song recorded by the american hip hop group 2 live crew .	birmingham is a song by canadian pop-rock artist amanda marshall .	watch out is a song by american hip hop recording artist 2 chainz .	riot is a song by american hip hop recording artist 2 chainz .	ca n't you see is a song written by toy caldwell of the marshall tucker band .	hip hop hooray is a song by american hip hop group , naughty by nature .	fire on the mountain is a song written by george mccorkle of the marshall tucker band .	cross bones style is a song by the american singer/songwriter cat power ( also known as chan marshall ) .	heard it in a love song is a song by the marshall tucker band , written by toy caldwell off their 1977 album carolina dreams .	some days you got ta dance is a song written by troy johnson and marshall morgan , and recorded by american country music group dixie chicks .	betty 's bein ' bad is a song written by marshall chapman and recorded by the american country music group sawyer brown .	the ballad of thunder road is a song performed and co-written by actor robert mitchum in 1957 , with music by composer jack marshall .	seven lonely days is a song written by earl shuman , alden shuman , and marshall brown .	you 're my one and only love is a song written by barney kessel and jack marshall and performed by ricky nelson .
boondocks is a song co-written and recorded by american country music group little big town .	day drinking is a song recorded by american country music group little big town .	fine line is a song co-written and recorded by american country music group little big town .	smokin ' and drinkin ' is a song recorded as a duet by american country music artist miranda lambert and american country music group little big town .	i 'm with the band is a song co-written and recorded by american country music group little big town .	do n't waste my time is a debut song recorded by american country music group little big town .	mine is a song written and performed by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	fifteen is a country pop song performed by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	picture to burn is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	our song is a country song written and performed by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	you 're not sorry is a country rock song performed by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	change is a song performed by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	white horse is a song performed by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	crazier is a song by american recording artist taylor swift .	welcome to new york is a song by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	teardrops on my guitar is a song by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	out of the woods is a song by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	red is the fourth studio album by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	fearless is a country pop song performed by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	speak now is a song by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .
kiss you in the morning is a song recorded by american country artist michael ray .	crying shame is a song co-written by american country music artist michael johnson .	think a little less is a song recorded by american country music artist michael ray .	ponies is a song recorded by american country music artist michael johnson .	real men love jesus is a song recorded by american country music artist michael ray .	disenchanted is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist michael martin murphey .	baby is a song written by ray griff and recorded by american country artist wilma burgess .	never givin ' up on love is a song written by michael smotherman , and recorded by american country music artist michael martin murphey .	forever is a song recorded by american country music artist john michael montgomery .	from the word go is a song written by michael garvin and chris waters , and recorded by american country music artist michael martin murphey .	canadian pacific is a song written by ray griff and recorded by american country music artist george hamilton iv .	angels working overtime is a song written by michael dulaney and michael lunn , and recorded by american country music artist deana carter .	alyssa lies is a song written and recorded by american country music artist jason michael carroll .	i just came home to count the memories is a country music song written by glenn ray .	love affairs is a song written and recorded by american country music artist michael martin murphey .	if there 's any justice is a song by written by michael noble , c. michael spriggs and tony colton , and recorded by american country music artist lee greenwood .	mississippi squirrel revival is a song by american country music singer ray stevens .	back to tennessee is a country rock song by american singer-songwriter and actor billy ray cyrus .	tell me why is a song recorded by romanian singers monica anghel and marcel pavel .	addicted to a dollar is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer doug stone , who wrote it along with ray hood , kim tribble and ray maddox .
epistle to dippy is a song and single by donovan , 2 released in 1967 outside the united kingdom only .	there is a mountain is a song and single by british singer/songwriter donovan , 1 released in 1967 .	hurdy gurdy man is a song by the scottish singer-songwriter donovan .	sunshine superman is a song written and recorded by donovan .	fairytale is the second album from british singer-songwriter donovan .	josie is a song written and recorded by british singer-songwriter donovan .	colours is a song written and recorded by british singer-songwriter donovan .	my friend jack is a psychedelic pop song released by the english pop group the smoke in 1967 .	sunshine superman is the third album from british singer-songwriter donovan .	sunshine superman is the third album from british singer-songwriter donovan .	sunshine superman is the third album from british singer-songwriter donovan .	sunshine superman is the third album from british singer-songwriter donovan .	jennifer juniper is a song and single by the british singer-songwriter , donovan , 1 released in 1968 .	turquoise is a song written and recorded by british singer-songwriter donovan .	atlantis is a song written and recorded by scottish singer/songwriter donovan .	catch the wind is a song written and recorded by scottish singer-songwriter donovan .	too many broken hearts is a song by australian singer jason donovan .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	nightclubbing is a song written by david bowie and iggy pop , 1 2 3 first released by iggy pop on his debut solo studio album , the idiot in 1977 .	1 , 2 , 3 , red light is a song written by sal trimachi and bobbi trimachi and was recorded by 1910 fruitgum company for their 1968 album , 1 , 2 , 3 , red light .
53rd 3rd is a song by the american punk rock band the ramones .	rockaway beach is a song by the american punk rock band the ramones from their 1977 album rocket to russia .	i wan na be sedated is a song by the american punk rock band the ramones .	havana affair is a song by the american punk rock band ramones and was one of the tracks on the band 's debut album , ramones .	i wan na be your boyfriend is a song by the american punk rock band the ramones .	blitzkrieg bop is a song by the american punk rock band ramones .	the miracle ( of joey ramone ) is a song by irish rock band u2 .	i just want to have something to do is a song credited to the ramones but was written by joey ramone and was released as the opening song of the band 's 1978 album road to ruin .	teenage lobotomy is the eighth song on rocket to russia , the third studio album by punk rock band ramones .	bonzo goes to bitburg is a song by american punk rock band the ramones .	nightclubbing is a song written by david bowie and iggy pop , 1 2 3 first released by iggy pop on his debut solo studio album , the idiot in 1977 .	the kkk took my baby away is a song written by joey ramone .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	rock 'n' roll high school is a song by american punk rock group the ramones , from the soundtrack album rock 'n' roll high school .	hit that is a pop punk song released by the american punk rock band the offspring .	days go by is a pop punk song by the american punk rock band the offspring .	just a friend is a song written , 2 3 produced 3 and performed by american hip hop artist biz markie .	pipeline is an instrumental surf rock song by the chantays , which was recorded in july 1962 .	read about it is a song by australian rock band midnight oil , released as the third and final single from their 1982 studio album , 10 , 9 , 8 , 7 , 6 , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 .	4 , 3 , 2 , 1 is a song by ll cool j featuring method man redman , canibus and dmx from ll cool j 's seventh album phenomenon as the second single .
black smoke is a song performed by german singer ann sophie .	smoke is a song by australian rock band eskimo joe .	holy smoke is a song by english heavy metal band iron maiden .	smoke a little smoke is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer eric church .	sea lion is a song by sage francis released as a 12 '' single .	rain is a song by american rock band breaking benjamin .	skin is a song by american rock band breaking benjamin .	breath is a song by american rock band breaking benjamin .	behave is a song recorded by swedish singer benjamin ingrosso .	failure is a song by american rock band breaking benjamin .	polyamorous is a song by american rock band breaking benjamin .	defeated is a song by american rock band breaking benjamin .	ashes of eden is a song by american rock band breaking benjamin , released on may 3 , 2016 as the fourth single on the band 's fifth studio album dark before dawn .	the garden of your heart is a song composed by francis dorel and edward teschemacher .	blues before and after is a song by the american alternative rock group the smithereens .	cattle and cane is a song by the australian alternative rock band the go-betweens , released as the first single from their second album before hollywood .	alcohol is a song by the alternative rock group barenaked ladies released as the last single and sixth track on their 1998 album stunt .	you were the last high is a song by american alternative rock band the dandy warhols .	never again is a song by american rock band breaking benjamin , released on january 20 , 2017 as the fifth single on the band 's fifth studio album dark before dawn .	il faudra leur dire is a song by francis cabrel .
all or nothing is a song from new wave band fiction factory , released in 1984 as the third and final single from the band 's debut album , throw the warped wheel out .	not the only one is a song from new wave band fiction factory , released in 1985 as the lead single from the band 's second and final album , another story .	home town is a song by the british new wave musician joe jackson .	heartbeat city is a song by the american new wave band the cars .	wordy rappinghood is a song by american new wave band tom tom club .	the elephant ride is a song by the british new wave band squeeze .	fall out is a song by english new wave rock band the police .	dreaming is a song by the american new wave band blondie .	miss me blind is a song by english new wave band culture club .	sunday papers is a song by the british new wave musician joe jackson .	the walk is a 1982 song by the british new wave duo eurythmics .	girls talk is a new wave song written by elvis costello .	no exit is a song by the american new wave band blondie .	crosseyed and painless is a song by american new wave band talking heads .	belinda is a 1981 song by the british new wave duo eurythmics .	s.o.s. is a song by english new wave and synth-pop band abc .	vienna is a song by british new wave band ultravox .	saved by zero is a song by british new wave band the fixx .	suddenly last summer is a hit song by new wave band the motels .	love is reason is a song by the norwegian new wave band a-ha .
carry on is a song written by recording artists donna summer and giorgio moroder .	dream-a-lot 's theme ( i will live for love ) is a song recorded by donna summer in 2003 .	protection is a song written by bruce springsteen for donna summer .	you 're so beautiful is a song recorded by donna summer in 2003 .	rumour has it is a song by the american singer donna summer , released in 1978 .	sunset people is a song by american singer donna summer taken from her very successful album bad girls .	heaven knows is a song by american singer and songwriter donna summer , with guest vocals from brooklyn dreams released at the height of her fame during the 1970s disco era .	it 's only love is a song performed by donna summer from her album crayons .	once upon a time is the sixth studio album by american singer-songwriter donna summer .	once upon a time is the sixth studio album by american singer-songwriter donna summer .	spring affair is a song by american singer and songwriter donna summer from her 1976 album four seasons of love .	back in love again is a song by american singer and songwriter donna summer from her i remember yesterday album .	work that magic is a 1991 song from the album mistaken identity by donna summer .	the hostage is a song by american singer donna summer .	denver dream is a song by american singer donna summer , released in 1974 .	virgin mary is a song by american singer donna summer , released in the netherlands in 1975 .	melody of love ( wan na be loved ) is a 1994 song recorded by american singer donna summer as a new track for her 1994 hits compilation endless summer .	lady of the night is the debut studio album by american singer-songwriter donna summer , released on february 26 , 1974 .	i got your love is a song by donna summer , released as a single on december 20 , 2005 .	breakaway is a song from the album another place and time by donna summer , recorded in 1989 .
roses is a song by american hip hop duo outkast .	my band is a song by american hip hop group d12 .	1 train is a song by american hip hop recording artist asap rocky from his debut studio album , long .	light the universe is a song and a single made by the german power metal band helloween from their album keeper of the seven keys - the legacy .	girls is a song by british hip hop group n-dubz .	illusions is a song by american hip hop group cypress hill .	changes is a hip hop song by 2pac featuring talent .	hip hop hooray is a song by american hip hop group , naughty by nature .	shifftee is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	u understand is song by american hip hop artist juvenile .	one song is a song by norwegian hip hop duo envy .	me-o-mi-o is a song by american hip hop artist casual .	slam is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	white privilege ii is a song by american hip hop duo macklemore ryan lewis from their second album this unruly mess i 've made ( 2016 ) .	react is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	hop is back is a song by american hip hop recording artist hopsin .	california love is a hip hop song by 2pac featuring dr .	t-shirt is a trap 1 song by american hip hop group migos .	made me is a song by american hip hop recording artist snootie wild .	rosa parks is a song by the hip hop group outkast .
horchata is a song by american indie rock band vampire weekend .	diane young is a song by indie rock band vampire weekend , taken from their third studio album modern vampires of the city .	ya hey is a song by american indie pop band vampire weekend , taken from their third studio album modern vampires of the city .	unbelievers is a song by american indie pop band vampire weekend .	harmony hall is a song by american indie pop band vampire weekend .	if is a song written by american singer-songwriter david gates in 1971 .	everything i own is a song written by david gates .	1901 is a song by french indie pop band phoenix .	weak is a song by american indie pop band ajr .	aubrey is a song written and composed by david gates , and originally recorded by the soft rock group bread , of which gates was the leader and primary music producer .	make it with you is a song written by david gates and originally recorded by the pop-rock group bread , of which gates was a member .	take me now is a song by american singer-songwriter david gates .	bright is a song by american indie pop band echosmith .	it do n't matter to me is a song written by david gates and originally recorded by the pop-rock group bread , of which gates was a member .	some nights is a song by american indie pop band fun .	the guitar man is a song written by david gates and originally recorded by the rock group bread , of which gates was a member .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	funtime is a song written by david bowie and iggy pop , first released by iggy pop on his 1977 album entitled the idiot .	nightclubbing is a song written by david bowie and iggy pop , 1 2 3 first released by iggy pop on his debut solo studio album , the idiot in 1977 .	baby get away is an pop song written by david most , michael burns and steve glen and recorded by australian pop singer christie allen .
soul mate # 9 is a song by australian singer tina arena .	dare you to be happy is a song by australian singer tina arena .	you set fire to my life is a song by australian singer tina arena .	i want to love you is a song by australian singer tina arena .	only lonely is a song by australian singer tina arena .	now i can dance is a song written by tina arena and david tyson .	tant que tu es là ( english `` as long as you 're around '' ) is a song written by alexandra maquet and mark weld , recorded by australian singer tina arena .	if i did n't love you is a song written by tina arena , pam reswick and steve werfel .	chains is a song by australian singer tina arena from her album do n't ask .	tu es toujours là ( english : `` you 're always there '' ) is a 2002 song recorded by australian singer tina arena .	complicated disaster is a song that was recorded by rock singer tina turner .	steamy windows is a song by tina turner .	a foreign affair is a song written and produced by australian group client liaison , featuring tina arena .	burn is a song written by tina arena , pam reswick and steve werfel for arena 's third album in deep ( 1997 ) .	italian love song is a pop song written by tina arena , francesco de benedittis , davide esposito and paul manners , produced by manners for arena 's sixth album greatest hits 1994-2004 ( 2004 ) .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	dance dance dance is a song by english musician james cottriall .	sorrento moon ( i remember ) is a song written by tina arena , david tyson and christopher ward for arena 's second album do n't ask ( 1994 ) .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .
when we were young is a song by british singer adele .	rumour has it is a song recorded by english singer adele for her second studio album 21 .	turning tables is a song recorded by english singer-songwriter adele for her second studio album , 21 .	cold shoulder is a song by british singer adele , released from her debut album 19 .	set fire to the rain is a song by english singer adele from her second studio album 21 .	chasing pavements is a song by british singer adele , from her debut album 19 .	rolling in the deep is a song recorded by english singer adele for her second studio album , 21 .	night is a popular song recorded by jackie wilson in 1960 .	all i ask is a song recorded by english singer and songwriter adele for her third studio album , 25 ( 2015 ) .	hello is a song by english singer-songwriter adele , released on 23 october 2015 by xl recordings as the lead single from her third studio album , 25 ( 2015 ) .	release me is a song written and recorded by wilson phillips , their second single from their debut album wilson phillips .	farewell my friend is a song written by dennis wilson .	love and mercy is a song written by brian wilson and the opening track to his 1988 debut solo album brian wilson .	your imagination is a song written by brian wilson , joe thomas and steve dahl for brian wilson 's 1998 solo album imagination .	brian wilson is a song written by steven page for canadian rock band barenaked ladies as a tribute to the beach boys ' co-founder brian wilson .	friends is a song written by brian wilson , carl wilson , dennis wilson and al jardine for the american rock band the beach boys .	bobbie sue is a song written by wood newton , dan tyler and adele tyler , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .	homebreaker is a song written by skeeter davis and marie wilson .	darlin ' is a song written by brian wilson and mike love , recorded by american rock band the beach boys with carl wilson on lead vocal .	river song is a song written by dennis wilson and his younger brother carl wilson .
philadelphia freedom is a song released by the elton john band as a single in 1975 .	land of the living is a song by kristine w , released as the third and final single from her album land of the living .	angel is a song written by jerry burns and sally herbert sung by english singer-songwriter sarah brightman from her eleventh studio album , dreamchaser .	i walk alone is a song written by herbert wilson , and recorded by american country music artist marty robbins .	jealous heart is a classic c w song written by american country music singer-songwriter jenny lou carson .	weak in the presence of beauty is a song written by michael ward and rob clarke .	eighteen strings is a song by english house producer tinman .	lightnin ' strikes is a song written by lou christie and twyla herbert , and recorded by christie on the mgm label .	natural is a song by english pop group s club 7 .	country house is a song by english alternative rock band blur .	blue and lonesome is a 1949 song recorded by memphis slim .	dreamer is a song produced and recorded by italian house group livin ' joy .	two of a kind , workin ' on a full house is the title of a country music song co-written by warren haynes , dennis robbins and bobby boyd .	king of new york is a song released in 1991 by philadelphia rapper schoolly d on the independent label capitol records .	lego house is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	lovin ' you is a song by kristine w , released as the second and final official single from her second album stronger .	breathless is a song by english singer shayne ward .	mozart 's house is a song by english electronic music group clean bandit .	baddest boy is a song by e.m.e acts wizkid , skales , and banky w .	do n't stop movin ' is a song by s club 7 , released as a single on 23 april 2001 .
country girl is a song co-written and recorded by the american country music artist dottie west .	reno is a song written by ruby allmond , and recorded by american country music artist dottie west 1 .	here comes my baby is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dottie west .	like a fool is a song written by yvonne devaney , and recorded by american country music artist dottie west .	what 's come over my baby is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dottie west .	cash on the barrelhead is a song written by charlie and ira louvin , known professionally as the louvin brothers , which was first recorded and released in 1956 as the b-side of `` you 're running wild '' .	if i could only win your love is a song written and first performed by the louvin brothers , and later made a hit by american country music artist emmylou harris .	thunder is a song by english recording artist jessie j .	smoke , drink , break-up is a song by american recording artist mila j .	queen of memphis is a song written by dave gibson and kathy louvin , and recorded by american country music band confederate railroad .	show out is a song by american hip hop recording artist juicy j .	price tag is a song by english singer-songwriter jessie j , featuring american rapper b.o.b .	laserlight is a song by british singer-songwriter jessie j featuring french dj david guetta , taken from the re-release edition of jessie j 's debut studio album , who you are .	i take the chance is a song written by the louvin brothers , which was released in 1956 by the browns .	real deal is a song by english singer and songwriter jessie j .	suga suga is a song recorded by american rapper baby bash , featuring frankie j .	ginza is a song performed by colombian singer j balvin .	think about that is a song by english singer and songwriter jessie j .	talk to me is a song by american recording artists brandy , ray j and willie norwood .	4 , 3 , 2 , 1 is a song by ll cool j featuring method man redman , canibus and dmx from ll cool j 's seventh album phenomenon as the second single .
goodbye earl , written by dennis linde , is a country music song .	callin ' baton rouge is a country music song written by dennis linde .	i 'm gon na get you is a song written by dennis linde .	poor boy is a song by elvis presley .	fool is a 1973 song by elvis presley .	life is a 1971 song by elvis presley .	one sided love affair ( or `` one-sided love affair '' ) is a song by elvis presley from his 1956 debut album elvis presley .	fame and fortune is a 1960 song by elvis presley .	heartbreak hotel is a song recorded by american singer elvis presley .	playing for keeps is a song originally recorded by elvis presley .	surrender is a # 1 song recorded by elvis presley and published by elvis presley music in 1961 .	it 's midnight is a 1974 song by elvis presley .	first in line is a song by elvis presley from his second album elvis 1 2 ( 1956 , presley 's first album on rca 3 ) .	love me tender is a 1956 song recorded by elvis presley and published by elvis presley music from the 20th century fox film of the same name .	let me is a song by elvis presley .	kentucky rain is a 1970 song first recorded by elvis presley .	paralyzed is a 1956 song recorded by elvis presley for his album elvis .	ask me is a 1964 song by elvis presley .	all shook up is a song recorded by elvis presley , published by elvis presley music , and composed by otis blackwell .	blue river is a 1965 song by elvis presley .
notion is a song by american rock band kings of leon .	reverend is a song by american rock band kings of leon .	the immortals is a song by american rock band kings of leon .	walls is a song by american rock band kings of leon .	fans is a song by american rock band kings of leon .	temple is a song by american rock band kings of leon , issued as the third single from the band 's sixth studio album mechanical bull .	supersoaker is a song by american rock band kings of leon .	waste a moment is a song by american rock band kings of leon .	beautiful war is a song by american rock band kings of leon .	use somebody is a song by american rock group kings of leon .	wait for me is a song by american rock band kings of leon .	do n't matter is a song by american rock band kings of leon .	taper jean girl is a song by american rock band kings of leon .	crawl is a song by american rock band kings of leon , and the second track of their 2008 album only by the night .	on call is a song by rock band kings of leon and is the third track on their 2007 album because of the times .	kings and queens is a song by american hard rock band aerosmith .	charmer is a song by american rock band kings of leon , and is the third single released from their 2007 album because of the times .	pyro is a song by american rock band kings of leon , and is the second single that was released from their 2010 album come around sundown .	radioactive is a song by american rock band kings of leon , and was the first single released from their 2010 album come around sundown .	kings of speed is a 1975 song by the british space rock group hawkwind .
cha-ching is a song by canadian pop rock group hedley .	never too late is a song by canadian pop punk group hedley .	perfect is a song by recorded by canadian pop rock band hedley for their third studio album , the show must go ( 2009 ) .	on my own is a song recorded by canadian rock group hedley .	anything is a song recorded by canadian pop rock band hedley for their fifth studio album , wild life ( 2013 ) .	for the nights i ca n't remember is a song recorded by canadian pop rock band hedley for their second studio album , famous last words ( 2007 ) .	hello is a song recorded by canadian pop rock band hedley for their sixth studio album of the same name ( 2015 ) .	invincible is a song recorded by canadian pop rock group hedley for their fourth studio album , storms ( 2011 ) .	everybody is a song written and performed by tommy roe .	old rosin the beau ( or `` rosin the bow '' ) is an american folk song popular in the 19th century , probably of british or irish origin , first published in philadelphia during 1838 .	gypsy is a song by the rock group fleetwood mac .	sheila is a song written and recorded by tommy roe .	alive is a song by british record production duo chase status , featuring vocals from british singer jacob banks .	take back home girl is a song by american country music singer chris lane and american pop singer tori kelly .	baby do n't get hooked on me is a hit song by country and pop singer-songwriter mac davis .	the ones you love is a pop song performed by english singer rick astley and written by dave west and himself .	doing ok is a song by british rapper wretch 32 , featuring vocals from british singer jacob banks .	the more i drink is a song written by david lee murphy , chris dubois , and dave turnbull and recorded by american country music singer blake shelton .	miss mac baren is a song written by göran lagerberg , anders töpel , tommy tausis , danne larsson and tommy blom , 1 and recorded by tages , released as a 1966 single .	help me understand is a song written by wayne hector , steve mac and chris farren , and recorded by american country music artist trace adkins .
bad guy is a song by american rapper eminem , taken from his eighth album the marshall mathers lp 2 ( 2013 ) .	the way i am is a song by american rapper eminem from his third album the marshall mathers lp ( 2000 ) .	rhyme or reason is a song from eminem 's eighth studio album the marshall mathers lp 2 .	the real slim shady is a song by american rapper eminem from his third album the marshall mathers lp ( 2000 ) .	n 2 gether now is a hip hop song by the american band limp bizkit and the rapper method man .	banned in the u.s.a. is a song recorded by the american hip hop group 2 live crew .	just a friend is a song written , 2 3 produced 3 and performed by american hip hop artist biz markie .	watch out is a song by american hip hop recording artist 2 chainz .	ca n't you see is a song written by toy caldwell of the marshall tucker band .	birmingham is a song by canadian pop-rock artist amanda marshall .	riot is a song by american hip hop recording artist 2 chainz .	cross bones style is a song by the american singer/songwriter cat power ( also known as chan marshall ) .	hip hop hooray is a song by american hip hop group , naughty by nature .	fire on the mountain is a song written by george mccorkle of the marshall tucker band .	some days you got ta dance is a song written by troy johnson and marshall morgan , and recorded by american country music group dixie chicks .	heard it in a love song is a song by the marshall tucker band , written by toy caldwell off their 1977 album carolina dreams .	betty 's bein ' bad is a song written by marshall chapman and recorded by the american country music group sawyer brown .	seven lonely days is a song written by earl shuman , alden shuman , and marshall brown .	the ballad of thunder road is a song performed and co-written by actor robert mitchum in 1957 , with music by composer jack marshall .	you 're my one and only love is a song written by barney kessel and jack marshall and performed by ricky nelson .
christmas is a song written by pete townshend and is the seventh song on the who 's rock opera tommy .	substitute is a song by the english rock band the who , written by pete townshend .	i 'm free is a song written by pete townshend and performed by the who on the album tommy .	eminence front is a song written and sung by pete townshend of the who .	naked eye is a song by the who , written by pete townshend .	pictures of lily is a single by the british rock band the who , written by guitarist and primary songwriter pete townshend .	overture is a song by english rock band the who , written by pete townshend .	it 's hard is a song written by pete townshend that featured on british rock band the who 's tenth album , it 's hard , of which it was the title track .	tattoo is a song written by pete townshend that was first released by the who on their 1967 album the who sell out .	i 'm a boy is a 1966 rock song written by pete townshend for the who .	real good looking boy is a song written by the guitarist of the british rock band the who , pete townshend .	give blood is a song by pete townshend , the guitarist for the who .	odorono is a song written by pete townshend that was first released by english rock band the who on their 1967 album the who sell out .	let 's see action is a song written and composed by pete townshend and recorded by the who .	bargain is a song written by pete townshend that was first released by the who on their 1971 album who 's next .	getting in tune is a song written by pete townshend and originally released by the who on their 1971 album who 's next .	the kids are alright is a song written by pete townshend of the who .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	going mobile is a song written by pete townshend and originally released by the who on their 1971 album who 's next .	wo n't get fooled again is a song by the english rock band the who , written by pete townshend .
refugee is a song recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	the last dj is the title of a song written by tom petty and recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	rebels is a song by tom petty and the heartbreakers .	free girl now is a song by tom petty and the heartbreakers .	even the losers is a song written by tom petty and recorded by tom petty and the heartbreakers .	a woman in love ( it 's not me ) is a song recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	learning to fly is a song by tom petty and the heartbreakers .	mary jane 's last dance is a song written by tom petty and recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	change of heart is a song recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	i need to know is a song written by tom petty and recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	you wreck me is a song by tom petty from his album wildflowers .	runnin ' down a dream is a song co-written and recorded by tom petty .	do n't do me like that is a song written by tom petty and recorded by tom petty and the heartbreakers .	a face in the crowd is a song co-written and recorded by tom petty .	you do n't know how it feels is a song and the lead single from tom petty 's 1994 album wildflowers .	you do n't know how it feels is a song and the lead single from tom petty 's 1994 album wildflowers .	yer so bad is a song co-written and recorded by tom petty .	square one is a song by american musician tom petty and is the second track on his 2006 album , highway companion .	saving grace is a song by american musician tom petty and is the lead track on his 2006 album , highway companion .	i wo n't back down is a song by american rock musician tom petty .
northern star is a song by british singer-songwriter , melanie c .	if that were me is a song by english recording artist melanie c .	carolyna is a song by british singer-songwriter , melanie c .	yeh yeh yeh is a song by british singer-songwriter melanie c .	first day of my life is a song by british singer-songwriter , melanie c .	the moment you believe is a song by british singer-songwriter , melanie c .	melt is a song by british singer-songwriter melanie c .	i turn to you is a song by british singer-songwriter , melanie c .	next best superstar is a song by british recording artist melanie c .	here it comes again is a song by british singer-songwriter , melanie c .	this time is a song by british singer-songwriter melanie c .	better alone is a song by british singer-songwriter , melanie c .	weak is a song by english singer-songwriter melanie c from her fifth studio album the sea .	let 's love is a song by british singer and songwriter melanie c from her second studio album reason .	never be the same again is a song by british singer-songwriter melanie c , featuring american rapper lisa `` left eye '' lopes of american girl group tlc .	rock me is a song by english singer-songwriter melanie c from her fifth solo album , the sea .	let there be love is a song by english recording artist melanie c from her fifth studio album the sea .	think about it is a song by english singer-songwriter melanie c from her fifth studio album , the sea .	anymore is a song by english recording artist melanie c , recorded for her seventh studio album version of me ( 2016 ) .	understand is a song by british singer-songwriter , melanie c. written by melanie c and adam argyle , it was released as the fifth and final single from the album this time on 25 july 2008 .
dragon slayer is a song written and performed by american comedy rock band ninja sex party .	danny do n't you know is a song by american musical comedy duo ninja sex party .	cool patrol is a song by american musical comedy duo ninja sex party .	6969 is a song written and performed by the american comedy rock band ninja sex party , from their album attitude city .	sex is a song by american rock band mötley crüe .	sex is a song by english rock band the 1975 , originally included as the third track on their second extended play of the same name , sex .	generation sex is a song by the divine comedy .	casual sex is a song by canadian rock band my darkest days .	flux is a song by english rock band bloc party .	prison sex is a song by american rock band tool .	stand up comedy is a song by irish rock band u2 .	ratchet is a song by english rock band bloc party .	rock me gently is a song by british synthpop duo erasure .	i just had sex is a song by american comedy hip hop group the lonely island featuring american singer akon and producer dj frank e .	sex drugs rock roll is a song and single by ian dury .	sex and candy is a song by american alternative rock group marcy playground .	no sex for ben is a song by american rock band the rapture .	aja is a jazz rock song by the american rock band steely dan from the album of the same name , released in 1977 .	dance , dance , dance is a song composed by brian and carl wilson with lyrics by brian wilson and mike love for the american rock band the beach boys .	bad sneakers is a song by jazz rock band steely dan .
clown is a song by the scottish recording artist emeli sandé .	beneath your beautiful is a song by british musicians labrinth and emeli sandé .	next to me is a song by scottish recording artist emeli sandé .	never be your woman is a song recorded by british record producer naughty boy , featuring lead vocals from british rapper wiley and british singer and songwriter emeli sandé .	why r u is a song performed by american r b singer amerie .	the grammy award for best r b song ( sometimes known as the r b songwriter 's award ) has been awarded since 1969 .	when a woman 's fed up is an r b song by r. kelly from his 1998 double album , r .	honey love a song by american r b singer r. kelly and american r b group public announcement .	we r who we r is a song by american singer kesha from her first extended play ( ep ) , cannibal ( 2010 ) .	808 is an r b song released in 1999 by american r b girl group , blaque .	holler is a song by r b singer ginuwine .	i do is an r b song released in 1999 by the american r b vocal trio , blaque .	u already know is a r b song recorded by american r b band 112 for their fifth studio album pleasure pain ( 2005 ) .	i 'm good is an r b song released in 2004 by american r b vocal trio , blaque .	stingy is a song by r b singer ginuwine .	baby , be mine is an r b song by the american r b singer miki howard .	just right for me is a r b song by american r b recording artist monica , featuring guest vocals from rapper lil wayne .	come home to me is an r b song by american r b singer miki howard .	same girl is a song released by r b singer r. kelly , from his 2007 album double up , with r b singer , usher .	bad habits is an r b song by american r b singer maxwell .
absolute beginners is a song written and recorded by david bowie .	breaking glass is a song by the english singer/songwriter david bowie .	thursday 's child is a song written by david bowie and reeves gabrels for the album hours in 1999 .	bombers is a song written by david bowie .	ashes to ashes is a song written and recorded by david bowie .	seven is a song written by david bowie and reeves gabrels for the album hours in 1999 .	dollar days is a song by english musician david bowie .	station to station is a song by english musician david bowie .	heroes a is a song by english musician david bowie .	slow burn is a song by english musician david bowie .	the pretty things are going to hell is a song written by david bowie and reeves gabrels for the album hours in 1999 .	suffragette city is a song by david bowie .	space oddity is a song written and recorded by david bowie .	time is a song by david bowie .	girl loves me is a song by english musician david bowie .	be my wife is a song by english musician david bowie .	lazarus is a song by english rock musician david bowie .	the london boys is a song written by david bowie .	ca n't help thinking about me is a song written by david bowie in 1965 and released as a single under the name david bowie with the lower third .	boys keep swinging is a song by david bowie .
bend is a song by australian musician chet faker .	some minds is a song by australian musician flume .	never be like you is a song by australian musician flume , featuring vocals from canadian singer kai .	party crowd is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist david lee murphy .	powerless is a song by british drum and bass band rudimental .	orally fixated is a song by irish recording artist róisín murphy .	the little girl is a song written by harley allen and recorded by american country music artist john michael montgomery .	if nobody believed in you is a song written by harley allen and recorded by american country music artist joe nichols .	sow into you is an electronica song written and produced by róisín murphy and matthew herbert for murphy 's debut solo album , ruby blue , released in 2005 .	lose myself is a song by future bass producer k?d .	harley + rose is a song by australian blues and rock band the black sorrows .	waiting all night is a song by english drum and bass band rudimental .	right here is a song by british drum and bass band rudimental .	twinbow is a song recorded by future bass producers slushii and marshmello .	the baby is a song written by michael white and harley allen and recorded by american country music singer blake shelton .	born in the dark is a song written by chet hinesley , and recorded by american country music artist doug stone .	slam is a song by australian drum and bass band pendulum .	everything i love is a song written by harley allen and carson chamberlain , and recorded by american country music singer alan jackson .	tough little boys is a song written by harley allen and don sampson and recorded by american country music artist gary allan .	dirty love is a song by the british drum and bass producer wilkinson .
whistle is a song by american rapper flo rida from his fourth album wild ones ( 2012 ) .	shone is a song by american rapper flo rida .	club rocker is a song recorded by romanian singer inna featuring american rapper flo rida for her second studio album , i am the club rocker ( 2011 ) .	let it roll is a song by american rapper flo rida from his fourth studio album , wild ones .	how i feel is a song by american rapper flo rida .	i cry is a song by american hip hop artist flo rida .	somersault is a song by the british band zero 7 featuring sia .	right round is a song performed by american rapper flo rida featuring guest vocals from american singer kesha .	who dat girl is a song by american rapper flo rida .	my house is a song by american recording artist flo rida from his 2015 ep of the same name .	club ca n't handle me is a song by american recording artist flo rida featuring french producer david guetta and nicole scherzinger ( who is uncredited ) .	hello friday is a song by american rapper flo rida , featuring american singer and songwriter jason derulo .	i do n't like it , i love it is a song by american rapper flo rida from his 2015 ep my house .	zillionaire is a song by american rapper flo rida , released on july 29 , 2016 in the united states .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	champion sound is a song by english big beat musician fatboy slim from his compilation album the greatest hits - why try harder .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .	cherry , cherry is a song written , composed , and recorded in february - march 1966 by american musician neil diamond .
happy jack is a song by the british rock band the who .	jack is a song by british record producer breach .	captain jack is a song by the german eurodance group captain jack .	big jack is a song by australian hard rock band ac/dc .	my friend jack is a psychedelic pop song released by the english pop group the smoke in 1967 .	breakdown is a song written by jack johnson , dan nakamura paul huston and sung by jack johnson .	how you gon na see me now is a song written by alice cooper , bernie taupin , and dick wagner , performed by cooper and produced by david foster .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	jack names the planets is a song by ash .	so pure is a rock song written and produced by alanis morissette and glen ballard for morissette 's fourth album supposed former infatuation junkie ( 1998 ) .	only women bleed is a song written by alice cooper and dick wagner .	fly farm blues is a song by rock musician jack white .	feel flows is a song written by carl wilson and jack rieley for american rock band the beach boys .	my heart 's symphony is a song written by glen hardin and performed by gary lewis the playboys .	falling slowly is a song in the indie folk and indie rock genres that was written , composed and performed by glen hansard and markéta irglová .	sunflower is a song written by neil diamond and recorded by american country music singer glen campbell .	baby get away is an pop song written by david most , michael burns and steve glen and recorded by australian pop singer christie allen .	count me in is a song written by glen hardin and performed by gary lewis the playboys .	sam 's song ( the happy tune ) is an american pop song written in 1950 with music by lew quadling and lyrics by jack elliott .	jack elliott sings the songs of woody guthrie is an album by american folk musician ramblin ' jack elliott , released in 1960 .
empire is a song recorded by colombian singer and songwriter shakira for her self-titled tenth studio album , shakira ( 2014 ) .	dare ( la la la ) is a song recorded by colombian singer-songwriter shakira from her self-titled tenth studio album shakira ( 2014 ) .	desde que no estás ( english : since that you are not ) is a latin pop song by colombian recording artist fonseca .	las cosas pequeñas ( english : `` the little things '' ) is a latin pop and bachata song by american recording artist prince royce .	hey dj is a song by latin boy band cnco .	fernando is a song by the swedish pop group abba .	algo de ti ( english : something about you ) is a song performed by latin pop singer paulina rubio .	ay amor ( english : oh my love ) is a latin pop song by colombian recording artist fonseca .	eres mi sueño ( english : you are my dream ) is a latin pop song by colombian recording artist fonseca .	estar lejos ( english : be far ) is a latin pop song by colombian recording artist fonseca and the american musician willie colón .	manos al aire ( english : `` hands in the air '' ) is a spanish language latin pop song recorded by canadian recording artist nelly furtado .	feliz ( english : happy ) is a latin pop song written and performed by kany garcía .	esta vida tuya y mía ( english : this life yours and mine ) is a latin pop song written and performed by kany garcía .	alguien ( english : someone ) is a latin pop song written and performed by kany garcía .	duele menos ( english : hurts less ) is a latin pop song written and performed by kany garcía .	para volver a amar ( english : in order to love again ) is a latin pop song written and performed by kany garcía .	tu no eres para mi ( english : you are not right for me ) is a latin pop song by colombian recording artist fanny lu .	día de suerte ( `` lucky day '' ) is a latin pop song by mexican recording artist alejandra guzmán .	don juan is a latin pop song by colombian recording artist fanny lu .	estigma de amor is latin pop song written and performed by kany garcía and fifth single of her debut album cualquier día .
deep in the heart of texas is an american popular song about texas .	little bit is better than nada is a song written by doug sahm , and recorded in 1996 by the texas tornados .	cajun baby is a song by hank williams , jr .	cigarettes will kill you is a single by australian singer-songwriter ben lee , from his 1998 album breathing tornados .	start choppin is a song by dinosaur jr .	god blessed texas is a song recorded by american country music group little texas .	i gotcha is a song by joe tex .	sandy is a song from the 1978 film grease , written by louis st .	baby you 're right is a song by joe tex .	crowded is a 2006 r b song released as the first official single from jeannie ortega 's debut album , no place like bklyn .	america 's song is a patriotic song written by will.i.am , david foster and george pajon , jr .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	saturday night fish fry is a popular song written by louis jordan and ellis lawrence walsh , 1 best known through the version recorded by louis jordan and his tympany five .	god bless the child is a song written by billie holiday and arthur herzog , jr .	say a word was the austrian entry in the eurovision song contest 2002 , performed in english by manuel ortega .	you will have to pay is a 1945 song by tex ritter .	cherry , cherry is a song written , composed , and recorded in february - march 1966 by american musician neil diamond .	gone is a song by american indie pop band jr jr from their self-titled third album , jr jr in 2015 .	caldonia is a jump blues song , first recorded in 1945 by louis jordan and his tympany five .	i 'm wastin ' my tears on you is a song written by frank harford , and recorded in 1944 by tex ritter .
cavern is a 1992 song by the american band phish .	shine is a song by american musician trey anastasio .	gumbo is a song by the american band phish .	sample in a jar is a 1994 song by the american band phish .	birds of a feather is a 1998 song by the american band phish .	down with disease is a 1994 song by american band phish .	tuesday is a song by trey anastasio and the second track on his 2005 album shine .	julius is a 1994 song by the american band phish .	wordy rappinghood is a song by american new wave band tom tom club .	fast enough for you is a 1993 song by the american band phish .	ca n't be friends is an r b song by american recording artist trey songz .	the wedge is a 1993 song by the american band phish .	the last dj is the title of a song written by tom petty and recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	birmingham is a song by canadian pop-rock artist amanda marshall .	vivere is a song written by italian singer-songwriter gerardina trovato with angelo anastasio and celso valli .	last time is the third single from r b recording artist trey songz 's album trey day .	mary jane 's last dance is a song written by tom petty and recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	tom robinson band ( trb ) are a british rock band , established in 1976 by singer , songwriter and bassist tom robinson .	i need to know is a song written by tom petty and recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	seven lonely days is a song written by earl shuman , alden shuman , and marshall brown .
friends will be friends is a song performed by queen and written by freddie mercury and john deacon , included on the album a kind of magic .	you 're my best friend is a song by the british rock band queen , written by bass guitarist john deacon .	killer queen is a tribute album of queen songs .	dignity is a song by deacon blue , which was the band 's first official release .	killer queen is a song by the british rock band queen .	need your loving tonight is a song by the rock band queen and written by bass guitarist john deacon .	a shot of rhythm and blues is a song written by terry thompson 1 and first recorded by us soul singer arthur alexander .	chocolate girl is the fourth song released as a single from the album raintown by the scottish group deacon blue .	girl is a song written by john lennon 1 2 ( credited to lennon -- mccartney ) and performed by the beatles on their 1965 album rubber soul .	thank god i 'm a country boy , also known as `` country boy '' , is a song written by john martin sommers 1 and recorded by american singer/songwriter john denver .	sweet lady is a song by british rock band queen , which was written by queen guitarist brian may .	baby come on home is a soul 1 song by english rock band led zeppelin .	india , india is a song written by john lennon and recorded in 1980 , 1 but not released until 2010 's john lennon signature box .	angel from montgomery is a song written by john prine , 1 originally appearing on his self-titled 1971 album john prine .	the queen of starting over is the third single released from british singer-songwriter beverley knight 's fifth studio album , music city soul .	i 'll be your baby tonight is a 1967 song by bob dylan 1 first released on john wesley harding .	hole in your soul is a rock 'n' roll 1 song by abba , released on their 1977 album abba : the album .	sexy ida ( part 1 ) is a soul blues song written by tina turner and released as a single by ike tina turner in 1974 .	gentle on my mind is a song written by john hartford , 1 which won four 1968 grammy awards .	bustin ' loose ( part 1 ) was a hit song for chuck brown the soul searchers .
never say never is a song written , performed and produced by british electronic music duo basement jaxx .	bonkers is a song by english rapper dizzee rascal and american producer armand van helden .	rendez-vu is a song by english electronic music duo basement jaxx .	get me off is a song by british electronic music duo basement jaxx .	holiday is a song by english rapper dizzee rascal , released as the third single from his fourth studio album , tongue n ' cheek .	hype is a song by english rapper dizzee rascal and scottish dj calvin harris .	raindrops is a song by british electronic music duo basement jaxx .	hush boy is a song by english electronic music duo basement jaxx .	where 's your head at is a song by british electronic music duo basement jaxx .	u do n't know me is a song written and produced by english electronic music duo basement jaxx .	plug it in is a song by british electronic music duo basement jaxx featuring american recording artist jc chasez .	something really bad is a song by english rapper dizzee rascal , featuring vocals from american recording artist will.i.am .	feelings gone is a song by british electronic music duo basement jaxx .	do your thing is a song by english electronic music duo basement jaxx .	red alert is a song recorded by english electronic music duo basement jaxx .	take me back to your house is a song recorded by english electronic music duo basement jaxx featuring martina sorbara .	love this town is a song by dizzee rascal , featuring vocals from teddy sky .	jus 1 kiss is a song recorded by english electronic dance music duo basement jaxx .	short dick man is a song by american hip house group 20 fingers featuring rapper gillette .	let 's play house is a song by hip hop duo tha dogg pound featuring michel ` le .
steambreather is a song by american heavy metal band mastodon .	forty six 2 is a song by the american progressive metal band tool .	rosetta stoned is a song by the american progressive metal band tool .	black flag is a song by the american progressive metal band king 's x .	bridge is a song by progressive metal band queensrÿche appearing on their 1994 album promised land .	afterlife is the title of a song written and recorded by american progressive metal band dream theater .	a # 1 roller rager is a song by american heavy metal band cky .	it 's love is a song by progressive metal band king 's x appearing on their album faith hope love .	empire is a song by the progressive metal band queensrÿche , appearing on their 1990 album empire .	lateralus is a song by american progressive metal band tool .	jet city woman is a song by progressive metal band queensrÿche appearing on their 1990 album empire .	i am i is a song by progressive metal band queensrÿche appearing on their 1994 album promised land .	eyes of a stranger is a song by progressive metal band queensrÿche appearing on their 1988 album operation : mindcrime .	revolution calling is a song by progressive metal band queensrÿche appearing on their 1988 album operation : mindcrime .	last time in paris is a song by progressive metal band queensrÿche , appearing in the 1990 action film the adventures of ford fairlane .	stream of consciousness is a progressive metal song by dream theater , appearing on their 2003 album train of thought .	use me is a song , composed and originally recorded by bill withers , which was included on his 1972 album still bill .	sometimes is a 1975 song written by bill anderson , and performed by bill anderson and mary lou turner .	som om himlen brann is a song performed by lizette pålsson bizazz in melodifestivalen 1992 , finishing in second place .	short shorts is a song written by tom austin , bill crandell , bill dalton , and bob gaudio and performed by the royal teens .
maggot brain is a song by the band funkadelic .	undercova funk ( give up the funk ) is a song by american rapper snoop dogg featuring mr .	automaton is a song by english funk band jamiroquai .	there it is is a funk song by james brown .	atomic dog is a song by george clinton from his 1982 album computer games .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	gut bucket is a funk song performed by james brown .	the goose is a song by the funk band parliament .	funkentelechy is a song by the funk band parliament .	escape-ism is a funk song by james brown .	boyfriend # 2 is a song by american r b singer pleasure p .	champion sound is a song by english big beat musician fatboy slim from his compilation album the greatest hits - why try harder .	superbad is a song by the english dubstep producers flux pavilion and doctor p .	cherry , cherry is a song written , composed , and recorded in february - march 1966 by american musician neil diamond .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	did you wrong is a song by american r b singer pleasure p .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .	juste une p ` tite chanson is a song by les enfoirés released in 2017 .	blow ya mind is a song by american hip hop recording artist styles p , featuring vocals and production from swizz beatz .
weak heart is a song by swedish singer zara larsson from her debut studio album , 1 .	bad boys is a song by swedish singer zara larsson from her debut studio album , 1 .	i would like is a song by swedish singer zara larsson .	under my shades is a song by swedish singer zara larsson taken from her debut extended play , introducing .	girls like is a song written and performed by british rapper tinie tempah and swedish singer zara larsson .	lush life is a song by swedish singer zara larsson .	do n't let me be yours is a song by swedish singer zara larsson .	only you is a song by swedish singer zara larsson .	so good is a song by swedish singer zara larsson featuring american rapper ty dolla $ ign .	ruin my life is a song by swedish singer zara larsson , released as a single on 18 october 2018 .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	boy oh boy is a pop song by the british pop group racey and it is their fourth single release .	some girls is a pop song by the british pop group racey , it was their third single release .	my friend jack is a psychedelic pop song released by the english pop group the smoke in 1967 .	rush is a pop rock song recorded by american pop rock duo aly aj for their debut album into the rush .	miss mac baren is a song written by göran lagerberg , anders töpel , tommy tausis , danne larsson and tommy blom , 1 and recorded by tages , released as a 1966 single .	come back to me is a pop and r b song by japanese american pop singer utada .	songbird is a song sung by swedish singer-songwriter ellen benediktson and written by sharon vaughn , johan fransson , tim larsson and tobias lundgren .	potremmo ritornare is a pop song written by italian pop singer tiziano ferro .	bang bang is a song written by iggy pop and ivan kral in 1981 for iggy pop 's party album .
feeling a moment is a song by welsh rock band feeder , from their 2005 album pushing the senses .	ai n't talkin ' ` bout love is a song by american rock band van halen .	ai n't thinkin ' ` bout you is a song by rapper bow wow .	when the ` yanks ' come marching home is a world war i era song released in 1917 .	theme song from ` which way is up ' was a hit song by r b female vocal group stargard .	nuthin ' but a ` g ' thang is a song by american rapper dr .	ai n't talkin ' ` bout dub is a song by english electronic music group apollo 440 .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	everything starts with an ` e ' is a song by e-zee possee featuring vocals from mc kinky .	talkin ' ` bout a revolution is the second single from singer-songwriter tracy chapman 's self-titled debut album .	'' ` a ' you 're adorable '' is a popular song with music by sid lippman and lyrics by buddy kaye and fred wise , published in 1948 .	'' ` pride n joy ' '' is a song written by american rapper fat joe .	do n't be messin ' ` round is a song by american recording artist michael jackson .	je t ` aime , je t ` aime , je t ` aime is a song by french singer johnny hallyday from his 1974 studio album je t ` aime , je t ` aime , je t ` aime .	'' ` movin ' on '' is a song written and recorded by english girl group bananarama .	talkin ' ` bout you is a song written by ray charles .	the goonies ` r ' good enough is a 1985 song by american singer cyndi lauper .	'' ` let me down easy ' '' is a 1965 song recorded by american soul singer bettye lavette .	'' ` face the face ' '' is a song by pete townshend .	trav ` lin ' light is a 1942 song composed by trummy young and jimmy mundy with lyrics by johnny mercer .
e talking is a song by belgian electronic music duo soulwax .	no type is a song by american hip hop duo rae sremmurd .	right type of mood is a song by english producer herbie .	your type is a song recorded by canadian singer carly rae jepsen for her third studio album , emotion ( 2015 ) .	you 're so pretty - we 're so pretty is a song by british band the charlatans ( known in the united states as the charlatans uk ) .	a e is a song by english electronic music duo goldfrapp from their fourth studio album , seventh tree ( 2008 ) .	ladies hit squad is a song performed by english rapper skepta featuring vocals from d double e and asap nast .	dangerous type is a 1979 song by the cars from their second studio album , candy-o .	rock star is a song by american funk rock band n * e * r * d .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	everything starts with an ` e ' is a song by e-zee possee featuring vocals from mc kinky .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	champion sound is a song by english big beat musician fatboy slim from his compilation album the greatest hits - why try harder .	eduardo e mônica is a song from brazilian rock band legião urbana 's 1986 album dois , released as promo single .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	lonesome day is a song written by bruce springsteen and initially performed by springsteen and the e street band .	cherry , cherry is a song written , composed , and recorded in february - march 1966 by american musician neil diamond .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .	da da dam is a ballad type song by finnish singer paradise oskar and it is the finnish entry in the eurovision song contest 2011 , qualifying for the final .	sorted for e 's wizz is a song by the english band pulp .
swingin party is a song written by paul westerberg and recorded by his band the replacements for their fourth studio album tim ( 1985 ) .	i will dare is a song by american alternative rock band the replacements , written by paul westerberg .	edge of the earth is a song by american rock band thirty seconds to mars .	a beautiful lie is a song by american rock band thirty seconds to mars .	attack is a song by american rock band thirty seconds to mars .	letting go is a song credited to paul and linda mccartney and originally released by wings on their 1975 album venus and mars .	love in song is a song credited to paul and linda mccartney that was released on wings ' 1975 album venus and mars .	dangerous night is a song recorded by american rock band thirty seconds to mars , featured on their fifth studio album america .	moving to mars is a song by british alternative rock band coldplay .	where was i is a song written by gary burr and harry stinson , and recorded by american country music artist ricky van shelton .	ball of fire is a song recorded by tommy james and the shondells for their 1969 greatest hits album , the best of tommy james and the shondells .	just like fire would is a song by australian alternative rock band , the saints , which is written by the band 's lead singer , chris bailey , and was released as a single in march 1986 .	tell me why is a song written by gail davies and harry stinson , and recorded by american country music artist jann browne .	crimson and clover is a 1968 song by american rock band tommy james and the shondells .	anything is possible is a song co-written by chris braide and cathy dennis , and produced by cathy dennis and oskar paul , for the winner of the first series of pop idol in the uk .	tighter , tighter is a song written by bob king and tommy james .	got ta get back to you is a song written by tommy james and bob king and recorded by tommy james and the shondells for their 1970 album , travelin ' .	do something to me is a song written by jimmy calvert , norman marzano , and paul naumann and was recorded by tommy james and the shondells for their 1968 album , crimson clover .	miss mac baren is a song written by göran lagerberg , anders töpel , tommy tausis , danne larsson and tommy blom , 1 and recorded by tages , released as a 1966 single .	time 's up is a song written by kevin welch , wendy waldman and harry stinson , and recorded by american country music group southern pacific , featuring carlene carter .
country party is a song written by rick nelson and recorded by american country music artist johnny lee .	bet your heart on me is a song written by jim mcbride , and recorded by american country music artist johnny lee .	she 's got a single thing in mind is a song written by walt aldridge , and recorded by american country music artist conway twitty .	i am a simple man is a song written by walt aldridge , and recorded by american country music artist ricky van shelton .	deep down is a song written by walt aldridge and john jarrard , and recorded by american country music artist pam tillis .	pickin ' up strangers is a song written by byron hill , and recorded by american country music artist johnny lee .	prisoner of hope is a song written by sterling whipple and gerald metcalf , and recorded by american country music artist johnny lee .	sounds like love is a song written by tommy rocco and charlie black , and recorded by american country music artist johnny lee .	that was a close one is a song written by robert byrne , and recorded by american country music artist earl thomas conley .	the fear of being alone is a song written by walt aldridge and bruce miller , and recorded by american country music singer reba mcentire .	leave him out of this is a song written by walt aldridge and susan longacre , and recorded by american country music artist steve wariner .	'' ( there 's ) no gettin ' over me '' is a song written by walt aldridge and tom brasfield , and recorded by american country music singer ronnie milsap .	johnny and mary is a song written and originally performed by robert palmer .	shadow of a doubt is a song written by tom wopat and robert byrne , and recorded by american country music artist earl thomas conley .	two dozen roses is a song written by mac mcanally and robert byrne , and recorded by american country music group shenandoah .	let 's go fly a kite is a song from walt disney 's film mary poppins , composed by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .	with a flair is a song written by robert and richard sherman for the 1971 , walt disney musical film production bedknobs and broomsticks .	whatever comes first is the debut song written by drew womack , walt aldridge and brad crisler , and recorded by american country music group sons of the desert .	johnny angel is a song written and composed by lyn duddy and lee pockriss .	the age of not believing is a song written by robert and richard sherman for the 1971 walt disney musical film production bedknobs and broomsticks .
satisfied is the eleventh song from act 1 of the musical hamilton , based on the life of alexander hamilton , which premiered on broadway in 2015 .	your obedient servant is the twentieth song from act 2 of the musical hamilton , based on the life of alexander hamilton , which premiered on broadway in 2015 .	my shot is the third song from act 1 of the musical hamilton , based on the life of alexander hamilton , which premiered on broadway in 2015 .	ten duel commandments is the fifteenth song from act 1 of the musical hamilton , based on the life of alexander hamilton , which premiered on broadway in 2015 .	wait for it is the thirteenth song from act 1 of the musical hamilton , based on the life of alexander hamilton , which premiered on broadway in 2015 .	right hand man is the eighth song from act 1 of the musical hamilton , based on the life of alexander hamilton , which premiered on broadway in 2015 .	the schuyler sisters is the fifth song from act 1 of the musical hamilton , based on the life of alexander hamilton , which premiered on broadway in 2015 .	the adams administration is the eleventh song from act 2 of the musical hamilton , based on the life of alexander hamilton , which premiered on broadway in 2015 .	hesitation blues is a popular song adapted from a traditional tune .	rainbow is a song written and performed by russ hamilton .	american tune is a song by the american singer-songwriter paul simon .	lay down your weary tune is a song written by bob dylan in 1963 .	highway tune is a song by american rock band greta van fleet .	dancing crazy is a song by american recording artist miranda cosgrove .	big girls is a song written by lin buckfield and recorded by the australian band electric pandas .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	nobody else is an r b -- hip hop soul song written and recorded by american singer-songwriter anthony hamilton for his debut album , xtc ( 1996 ) .	trav ` lin ' light is a 1942 song composed by trummy young and jimmy mundy with lyrics by johnny mercer .	romeo 's tune is a song recorded by steve forbert , released in 1979 .	necesito de ti ( `` i need you '' ) is a song written by manuel toscano , produced by manuel cázares , and performed by mexican singer vicente fernández .
just a fool is a duet recorded by american singer songwriters christina aguilera and blake shelton for aguilera 's seventh studio album , lotus ( 2012 ) .	army of me is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter christina aguilera for her seventh studio album , lotus ( 2012 ) .	around the world is a song by american recording artist christina aguilera from her seventh studio album , lotus ( 2012 ) .	circles is a song by american singer christina aguilera , taken from her seventh studio album , lotus ( 2012 ) .	lotus intro is a song recorded by american singer christina aguilera for her seventh studio album , lotus ( 2012 ) .	change is a song recorded by american singer christina aguilera .	shotgun is a song recorded by american singer christina aguilera .	hurt is a song recorded by american singer christina aguilera for her fifth studio album , back to basics .	glam is a song by american recording artist christina aguilera , taken from her sixth studio album bionic ( 2010 ) .	fighter is a song recorded by american singer christina aguilera for her fourth studio album , stripped ( 2002 ) .	dirrty is a song recorded by american singer christina aguilera featuring american rapper redman from the christina 's fourth studio album stripped ( 2002 ) .	beautiful is a song recorded by american singer christina aguilera for her fourth studio album , stripped ( 2002 ) .	the voice within is a song recorded by american singer christina aguilera for her fourth studio album , stripped ( 2002 ) .	like i do is a song by american singer christina aguilera from her eighth studio album liberation .	genie in a bottle is a song recorded by american singer christina aguilera from her self-titled debut album released in 1999 .	not myself tonight is a song recorded by american singer christina aguilera for her sixth studio album bionic ( 2010 ) .	you lost me is a song by american recording artist christina aguilera from her sixth studio album bionic ( 2010 ) .	come on over baby ( all i want is you ) is a song by american singer christina aguilera , taken from her debut studio album christina aguilera ( 2000 ) .	moves like jagger is a song by american band maroon 5 featuring singer christina aguilera .	twice is a song recorded by american singer christina aguilera for her eighth studio album , liberation ( 2018 ) .
do n't you forget it is an r b song by glenn lewis , released in november 2001 .	7 minutes is a song by australian singer and songwriter dean lewis .	i am is the fifth studio album by british singer and songwriter leona lewis .	i am is the fifth studio album by british singer and songwriter leona lewis .	i am is the fifth studio album by british singer and songwriter leona lewis .	it 's not fair is an r b song by glenn lewis , released on april 2 , 2002 .	crown victoria custom ' 51 is a song co-written by jerry lee lewis and released as a b side single by lewis in the u.s .	bruises is a song by scottish singer-songwriter lewis capaldi .	she still comes around ( to love what 's left of me ) is a song written by glenn sutton and performed by jerry lee lewis .	thrift shop is a song by american hip hop duo macklemore ryan lewis .	baby , hold me close is a song written by jerry lee lewis and bob tubert and released as a single by lewis in the u.s .	the thing to do is an r b song by glenn lewis .	echo is the second studio album by british singer and songwriter leona lewis .	echo is the second studio album by british singer and songwriter leona lewis .	echo is the second studio album by british singer and songwriter leona lewis .	the voyager is the third studio album by american singer-songwriter jenny lewis .	seasons change is a pop -- r b song written and produced by lewis martineé for the american girl group exposé 's debut album , exposure ( 1987 ) .	be alright is a song by australian singer and songwriter dean lewis .	better in time is a pop and r b song performed by british singer leona lewis .	same ol' g is a song by r b singer ginuwine .
angel is a song recorded by american group fifth harmony for their self-titled third studio album ( 2017 ) .	deliver is a song recorded by american girl group fifth harmony from their self-titled third studio album ( 2017 ) .	he like that is a song recorded by american group fifth harmony for their self-titled third studio album ( 2017 ) .	work from home is a song recorded by american girl group fifth harmony featuring american singer ty dolla sign .	that 's my girl is a song recorded by american girl group fifth harmony .	worth it is a song performed by american girl group fifth harmony , featuring american rapper kid ink .	the life is a song recorded by american girl group fifth harmony from their second studio album , 7/27 ( 2016 ) .	life in harmony ( stylized as `` life in harmony '' ) is a song recorded by japanese singer misia for her tenth studio album , soul quest .	wake up in the sky is a song by american rapper gucci mane , american singer bruno mars and american rapper kodak black .	gucci time is a song by american rapper gucci mane featuring vocals and production from swizz beatz .	tone it down is a song by american rapper gucci mane , featuring american singer chris brown .	kept back is a song recorded by american rapper gucci mane .	prolly is a song recorded by american r b singer sevyn streeter and american rapper gucci mane .	icy is a song by gucci mane from his album trap house .	jessie is a song by american artist joshua kadison .	gucci this ( gucci that ) is a song by the american teen pop girl group omg girlz .	running to stand still is a song by rock band u2 , and it is the fifth track from their 1987 album , the joshua tree .	harmony in my head is a song by buzzcocks .	beautiful in my eyes is a song by american singer-songwriter joshua kadison .	gucci gang is a song by american hip hop artist lil pump .
elephant is a song by australian psychedelic rock band tame impala .	eat the rich is a song performed by american hard rock band aerosmith .	in one ear is a song by american rock band cage the elephant .	a praise chorus is a song by american rock band jimmy eat world .	elephant stone is a song by the english rock band the stone roses .	mess around is a song by american rock band cage the elephant .	come a little closer is a song by american rock band cage the elephant .	cigarette daydreams is a song by american alternative rock band cage the elephant .	trouble is a song by american alternative rock band cage the elephant .	pain is a song by american rock band jimmy eat world .	cold cold cold is a song by american alternative rock band cage the elephant .	aberdeen is a song by american rock band cage the elephant .	animal is a song by british singer conor maynard from his debut studio album , contrast .	back against the wall is a song by american rock band cage the elephant .	eat you alive is a song by the band limp bizkit .	bleed american is a song by american rock band jimmy eat world .	turn around is a song by british singer conor maynard from his debut studio album , contrast .	sweetness is a song by american rock band jimmy eat world .	the middle is a song by american rock band jimmy eat world .	dog eat dog is a song by australian hard rock band ac/dc .
re-arranged is a song by american rap rock band limp bizkit from their second studio album , significant other .	boiler is a song by the american rap rock band limp bizkit .	home sweet home / bittersweet symphony , also known as `` bittersweet home '' is a song by american rap rock group limp bizkit .	my generation is a song by the american rap rock band limp bizkit .	take a look around is a song by the american rap rock band limp bizkit .	break stuff is a song by limp bizkit .	bring the pain is a song recorded by the rap artist method man .	eat you alive is a song by the band limp bizkit .	counterfeit is a song by the american rap rock band limp bizkit from their debut album three dollar bill , y' all ( 1997 ) .	my way is a song by limp bizkit , from their album chocolate starfish and the hot dog flavored water .	shotgun is a song by american nu metal band limp bizkit from their fifth studio album , gold cobra ( 2011 ) .	a-yo is a song by american hip hop duo method man redman , released on march 31 , 2009 , as the first single from their third studio album , blackout !	man of the year is a song by american hip hop recording artist schoolboy q .	changes is a hip hop song by 2pac featuring talent .	inner ninja is a song by canadian hip hop recording artist classified , featuring david myles .	california love is a hip hop song by 2pac featuring dr .	short dick man is a song by american hip house group 20 fingers featuring rapper gillette .	reuf is a song by french hip hop artist nekfeu featuring english musician ed sheeran .	welcome to atlanta is a 2001 hip hop song by jermaine dupri featuring ludacris .	dangerous is a hip hop song by kardinal offishall featuring akon .
paper plane is a rock song originally by status quo .	down down is a song by english rock band status quo .	forty five hundred times is a song by british rock band status quo .	christmas song is mannheim steamroller 's eighth christmas album overall and the group 's fifth christmas studio album .	christmas in the sun is a christmas song by rolf harris and rick parfitt , released in 2009 .	i wish it could be christmas everyday is a christmas song recorded by british glam rock band wizzard .	roll over lay down is a song by the british rock band status quo that was first released on the album hello !	whatever you want is a rock song by the british rock band status quo .	dreamin ' is a song and single released by the british rock band status quo in 1986 .	cozy little christmas is a christmas song by american singer katy perry .	stick to the status quo is a song from the disney channel original movie high school musical .	christmas day is a christmas song by michael w. smith featuring mandisa , from smith 's third christmas album , it 's a wonderful christmas ( 2007 ) .	christmas time is a christmas song by american vocal group backstreet boys .	ice in the sun is a song by the band status quo .	give this christmas away is a christmas song by american contemporary christian musician and singer-songwriter matthew west from his 2011 christmas album the heart of christmas .	mystery song is a single released by the british rock band status quo in 1976 .	international is a song by english record production duo chase status .	runaway is a 1979 song by british band status quo from their album whatever you want .	come on you reds is a song recorded by the 1994 manchester united football squad along with the rock group status quo .	in too deep is a pop song written by rick nowels and produced by andrew farriss for jenny morris 's fourth studio album salvation jane ( 1995 ) .
iridescent is a song by american rock band linkin park .	powerless is a song by american rock band linkin park .	papercut is a song by american rock band linkin park .	from the inside is a song by american rock band linkin park .	final masquerade is a song by american rock band linkin park .	wretches and kings is a song by american rock band linkin park .	crawling is a song by american rock band linkin park .	burn it down is a song by american rock band linkin park .	somewhere i belong is a song by american rock band linkin park .	given up is a song by american rock band linkin park .	new divide is a song by american rock band linkin park .	lies greed misery is a song by american rock band linkin park .	runaway is a song by linkin park .	invisible is a song by american rock band linkin park .	in the end is a song by american rock band linkin park .	breaking the habit is a song by american rock band linkin park .	talking to myself is a song by american rock band linkin park .	bleed it out is a song by american rock band linkin park .	numb is a song by american rock band linkin park .	one more light is a song by american rock band linkin park .
perfect symmetry is a song by english rock band keane .	the night sky is a song written and performed by english rock band keane .	rice curry is a song recorded by swedish eurodance artist dr .	beautiful one is a song written by tim hughes .	disconnected is a song by english alternative rock band keane from their fourth studio album strangeland .	cannonball is a song written and performed by irish folk singer damien rice .	higher than the sun is a song by english alternative rock band keane , released on 28 september 2013 as the first single from their first compilation album , the best of keane .	silenced by the night is a song by english rock band keane from their fourth studio album strangeland .	bedshaped is a song by english rock band keane , released as the third single from hopes and fears .	wo n't be broken is a song by english alternative rock band keane , released on 20 january 2014 as the second single from the band 's first compilation album , the best of keane .	tear up this town is a 2016 song by english alternative rock band keane .	everybody 's changing is a song performed by english alternative rock band keane .	lonely wo n't leave me alone is a song co-written by jermaine jackson , david foster , tom keane , and kathy wakefield .	broken leg is an indie rock song written and recorded by australian indie rock band bluejuice .	overnight success is a song written by sanger d. shafer and recorded by american country music artist george strait .	james dean-esque is a song by british indie rock band the crocketts .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	walking on the chinese wall is a song written by roxanne seeman and billie hughes .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .
world is a song by james brown .	star generation is a song recorded by james brown .	reality is a song recorded by james brown .	soul power is a song by james brown .	get it together is a song performed by james brown .	hey america is a christmas song recorded by james brown .	i refuse to lose is a song recorded by james brown .	stay with me is a song recorded by james brown .	the spank is a song written by james brown and charles sherrell and recorded by brown .	there it is is a funk song by james brown .	eyesight is a song written and performed by james brown .	coldblooded is a song written and recorded by james brown .	mashed potatoes u.s.a. is a rhythm and blues song by james brown .	modern soul is a song by english singer james blake .	i got the feelin ' is a funk song by james brown .	gut bucket is a funk song performed by james brown .	let yourself go is a 1967 song by james brown .	maybe the last time is a song written by james brown ( under the pseudonym ted wright ) 1 and recorded by brown and the famous flames in 1964 .	escape-ism is a funk song by james brown .	lost someone is a song recorded by james brown in 1961 .
numb is a song recorded by the pet shop boys and is featured on their album fundamental .	new york city boy is a song by british music group pet shop boys .	i 'm with stupid is a song by british synthpop band pet shop boys and is featured on their 2006 album , fundamental .	king 's cross is a pet shop boys song , written by chris lowe and neil tennant 1 and is a track on their 1987 album actually .	absolutely fabulous is a song produced by british electronic music group pet shop boys .	suburbia is a song by uk synthpop duo pet shop boys .	paninaro is a song by english synthpop duo pet shop boys .	domino dancing is a song recorded by the british synthpop duo pet shop boys , released as the lead single from their 1988 album , introspective .	where the streets have no name ( i ca n't take my eyes off you ) is a song by english synthpop duo pet shop boys .	where the streets have no name ( i ca n't take my eyes off you ) is a song by english synthpop duo pet shop boys .	west end girls is a song by the british pop duo pet shop boys .	west end girls is a song by the british pop duo pet shop boys .	the night i fell in love is a song on the pet shop boys ' 2002 album release .	memory of the future is a song by english electronic music duo pet shop boys from their eleventh studio album , elysium .	leaving is a song by english electronic music duo pet shop boys from their eleventh studio album , elysium .	left to my own devices is a song recorded by pet shop boys , released as the second single from their third studio album , introspective .	nothing has been proved is a song and a single release by british singer dusty springfield , written and produced by pet shop boys .	being boring is a song by the british pop group pet shop boys , the opening track from their fourth album behaviour .	love life is a pet shop boys song originally performed and released by the swedish band alcazar .	she 's madonna is a song recorded by british singer robbie williams , featuring pet shop boys , for his seventh studio album rudebox ( 2007 ) .
right there is a song recorded by american singer ariana grande featuring rapper big sean .	focus is a song recorded by american singer ariana grande .	greedy is a song recorded by american singer ariana grande .	santa tell me is a christmas song recorded by american singer ariana grande .	love me harder is a song recorded by american singer ariana grande and canadian singer the weeknd from grande 's second studio album , my everything ( 2014 ) .	my favorite part is a song by american rapper mac miller , featuring guest vocals from american singer ariana grande .	one last time is a song recorded by american singer ariana grande for her second studio album my everything .	dance to this is a song by australian singer troye sivan , featuring guest vocals by american singer ariana grande .	everyday is a song by american singer ariana grande from her third studio album , dangerous woman , featuring rapper future .	the way is a song recorded by american singer ariana grande , featuring rapper mac miller , from grande 's debut studio album yours truly ( 2013 ) .	pete davidson is a song from ariana grande 's fourth studio album , sweetener .	almost is never enough is a song recorded by american singer ariana grande and english singer nathan sykes .	everytime is a song by american singer ariana grande from her fourth studio album sweetener , released in 2018 .	theme song from ` which way is up ' was a hit song by r b female vocal group stargard .	nuthin ' but a ` g ' thang is a song by american rapper dr .	everything starts with an ` e ' is a song by e-zee possee featuring vocals from mc kinky .	talkin ' ` bout you is a song written by ray charles .	grande grande grande is a 1972 italian song , written by alberto testa and tony renis .	the goonies ` r ' good enough is a 1985 song by american singer cyndi lauper .	no more lies is a song by american r b artist michel ` le .
rough justice is a song by rock band the rolling stones that was released as a double a-side single with `` streets of love '' from their 2005 album a bigger bang .	streets of love is a song by rock band the rolling stones which was released as a double a-side single with `` rough justice '' from the rolling stones ' 2005 album a bigger bang .	biggest mistake is a song by the rolling stones from their 2005 album a bigger bang .	oh no , not you again is a song by the rolling stones , included on their 2005 hit album a bigger bang .	rain fall down is a song from the rolling stones ' 2005 album a bigger bang .	trouble is a song by english musician and guitarist of the rock band the rolling stones , keith richards .	sister morphine is a song written by marianne faithfull , mick jagger and keith richards .	bang bang , a song by squeeze , was the second single released from their debut album squeeze .	moves like jagger is a song by american band maroon 5 featuring singer christina aguilera .	bang bang is a song performed by b. a. robertson .	some girls are bigger than others is a song by the english rock band the smiths .	bang bang is a hip-hop song by kardinal offishall .	old habits die hard is a song from the 2004 movie alfie , with music by david stewart and lyrics by mick jagger , and performed by jagger .	bang a drum is a country rock song written and originally performed by jon bon jovi .	one crowded hour is a song by australian indie rock band augie march , written by glenn richards .	bigger is a song by american boy band backstreet boys .	bang bang you 're dead is a song by the band dirty pretty things .	bang bang boom is a song by canadian pop rock band the moffatts .	girls / girls / boys is a song by american rock band panic !	bang bang is a 1989 song by the american glam metal band danger danger .
badlands ( stylized in all caps ) is the debut studio album by american singer and songwriter halsey .	castle is a song by american singer and songwriter halsey .	gasoline is a song by american singer and songwriter halsey .	bad at love is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter halsey .	closer is a song by american dj duo the chainsmokers , featuring american singer halsey .	hurricane is a song by american singer and songwriter halsey .	jeannie moviestar is a synthpop song originally performed by german music group systems in blue featuring mark ashley .	electropop is a song released from the electronic dance group jupiter rising 's album electropop .	dollhouse is an electropop song by american pop singer-songwriter priscilla renea from her debut album , jukebox .	what if is a song by ashley tisdale from her second studio album , guilty pleasure .	night is young is an electropop song by canadian recording artist nelly furtado .	soundtrack to your life is a pop rock song by singer ashley parker angel .	ode to the bouncer is a song written , performed and produced by electropop group studio killers .	i know ur girlfriend hates me is an electropop song performed by norwegian recording artist annie .	lonely is a song by danish electropop singer medina from her international debut album welcome to medina .	crank it up is a song by ashley tisdale from her second studio album , guilty pleasure .	one step at a time is a song written by hugh ashley and performed by brenda lee .	you and i is a song by danish electropop singer medina .	samantha is an electropop song performed by norwegian singer margaret berger .	execute me is a song by danish electropop singer medina .
jumbo is a song released by the bee gees , written by barry , robin maurice gibb .	words is a song by the bee gees , written by barry , robin maurice gibb .	kitty can is a song by the bee gees , composed by barry , robin maurice gibb .	i still love you is a song by the bee gees primarily written by barry , robin maurice gibb .	only one woman is a song and the first single by english duo the marbles , written by barry , robin and maurice gibb of the bee gees .	tomorrow tomorrow is a song by the bee gees written by barry and maurice gibb .	spicks and specks is a song by the bee gees , written by barry gibb .	close another door is a song written by barry , robin and maurice gibb and recorded by the bee gees , initially on their 1967 album bee gees ' 1st and later as the b-side of `` to love somebody '' .	more than a woman is a song by the bee gees , written by barry , robin , and maurice gibb 2 for the soundtrack to the film saturday night fever .	you win again is a 1987 song written by barry , robin maurice gibb and performed by the bee gees .	the singer sang his song is a song written by barry , robin and maurice gibb and recorded by the english rock group bee gees , released in early 1968 as a single along with jumbo .	every christian lion hearted man will show you is a song written by barry , robin maurice gibb released by the bee gees in 1967 on their album bee gees ' 1st .	tragedy is a song released by the bee gees , written by barry , robin maurice gibb , included on their 1979 album spirits having flown .	never say never again is a song by the bee gees , it was written by barry , robin maurice gibb in 1968 and released on the album odessa in 1969 .	my lover 's prayer is a song performed by the bee gees , written by barry gibb , robin gibb and maurice gibb , and was released in 1997 on the album still waters .	odessa ( city on the black sea ) is a song by the english rock band the bee gees , written by barry , robin maurice gibb in 1968 and released in early 1969 .	and the sun will shine is a song by the british rock band bee gees , it was written by barry gibb , robin gibb and maurice gibb and released in february 1968 on the album horizontal .	melody fair is a song by the bee gees , written by barry , robin maurice gibb in 1968 and released in 1969 on their album odessa .	marley purt drive is a song recorded by the bee gees , it was written by barry , robin maurice gibb and released in march 1969 on the album odessa .	irresistible force is a song by the bee gees , released in march 1997 on their album still waters , this song was written by barry gibb , robin gibb and maurice gibb .
extraordinary is a song recorded by american musician prince .	little red corvette is a song by american musician prince .	5 women is a song recorded by american musician prince .	breakfast can wait is a song by american recording artist prince .	paisley park is a 1985 song by prince and the revolution .	pop life is a song by prince and the revolution .	soft and wet is a song performed by american musician prince .	purple medley is a medley of songs by american musician prince from 1995 .	united is a song recorded by prince ital joe and marky mark .	america is a song by prince and the revolution .	yo mister is a song written by prince for patti labelle .	adore is a song by prince .	nothing compares 2 u is a song written and composed by prince for one of his side projects , the family , for the eponymous album the family .	a love bizarre is a song written by prince and sheila e.	v.i.p is a song by nigerian hip hop recording artist ice prince .	fresh prince is a song by rapper soprano from the album cosmopolitanie .	fury is a song by prince , from his 2006 album 3121 .	purple rain is a song by prince and the revolution .	my name is prince is a song by prince and the new power generation , the second single from the 1992 love symbol album .	u got the look is a song by american musician prince .
fearless is a country pop song performed by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	mine is a song written and performed by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	dear john is a song written and recorded by american recording artist taylor swift .	picture to burn is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	fifteen is a country pop song performed by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	our song is a country song written and performed by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	crazier is a song by american recording artist taylor swift .	half of my heart is a song by american singer john mayer featuring american country pop singer taylor swift .	you 're not sorry is a country rock song performed by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	change is a song performed by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	love story is a song written and performed by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	today was a fairytale is a song written and recorded by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	white horse is a song performed by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	teardrops on my guitar is a song by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	welcome to new york is a song by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	you belong with me is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	out of the woods is a song by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	should 've said no is a song written and recorded by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	red is the fourth studio album by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	speak now is a song by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .
blinded is a song by american alternative rock band third eye blind .	graduate is a song by american alternative rock group third eye blind .	jumper is a song by the american rock band third eye blind and written by vocalist stephan jenkins .	semi-charmed life is a song by american rock band third eye blind .	deep inside of you is a song by american alternative rock band third eye blind .	10 days late is a song by the american alternative rock band third eye blind .	never let you go is a song by american rock band third eye blind .	blind is a song by american alternative band lifehouse .	white houses is a song written by american singer vanessa carlton and stephan jenkins ( lead singer of third eye blind ) , and recorded for vanessa carlton 's second album harmonium ( 2004 ) .	i go blind is a song by canadian alternative rock group 54-40 .	how 's it going to be is a song by the american rock band third eye blind .	blind is a song by american rock band talking heads .	eye is a song by american alternative rock band the smashing pumpkins , released in 1997 on the soundtrack to the david lynch film lost highway .	blind man is a song by the english rock band the darkness .	blind man is a song by american hard rock band aerosmith .	made to worship is a song written by chris tomlin , ed cash and stephan sharp .	lift up your face is a song recorded by the christian rock band third day and featuring vocals from the blind boys of alabama .	eye in the sky is a 1982 song by the british rock band the alan parsons project from the album eye in the sky .	no rain is a song by american rock band blind melon .	trouble me is a song by the american alternative rock group 10,000 maniacs and the first single from their 1989 album blind man 's zoo .
san francisco ( you 've got me ) is a disco song by the american disco group village people .	heartbeatz is a song performed by duo styles breeze , featuring karen danzig .	death disco is a song by public image ltd .	i love the nightlife ( disco ` round ) is a popular disco song recorded by alicia bridges in 1978 .	now and then is a song written by gary harrison and karen staley and recorded by staley .	disco lies is a song by american electronica musician moby .	heartbroken bopper is a popular rock song written by burton cummings and kurt winter .	it had to be you is a popular song written by isham jones , with lyrics by gus kahn .	disco inferno is a song by american rapper 50 cent .	disco duck is a satirical disco novelty song performed by rick dees and his cast of idiots .	give a little credit to the navy is a world war i song written by buddy desylva gus kahn and composed by albert gumble .	sings the songs of andrew lloyd webber is a studio album from shirley bassey released in 1993 .	disco inferno is a song by american disco band the trammps from their 1976 fourth studio album of the same name .	switch it on is a popular song written by will young , stephen lipson , ronnie peterson , karen poole and steven wolf , and performed by will young .	dream a little dream of me is a 1931 song with music by fabian andre and wilbur schwandt and lyrics by gus kahn .	disco romancing is a song by romanian artist elena gheorghe .	lose you is an italo disco song written by peaches and simian mobile disco , and produced by simian mobile disco .	this is the night is a song by maltese singer kurt calleja .	more and more is a song written by allan reuss , rainey robinson , and tommy karen and performed by andy williams .	disco la passione is a 1996 song by chris rea .
transportin ' is a song recorded by american rapper kodak black .	first day out is a song recorded by american rapper kodak black .	calling my spirit is a song recorded by american rapper kodak black for his second studio album dying to live .	zeze is a song by american rapper kodak black featuring travis scott and offset .	wake up in the sky is a song by american rapper gucci mane , american singer bruno mars and american rapper kodak black .	pledge pin is a song by robert plant from his album pictures at eleven .	burning down one side is a song by english recording artist robert plant from his debut solo studio album , pictures at eleven ( 1982 ) .	poor unfortunate souls is a song from the walt disney pictures animated film the little mermaid .	vital signs is a song by progressive rock trio rush from their album moving pictures .	floridada is a song by animal collective , released as the first single from their 2016 album painting with .	little black submarines is a song by american rock band the black keys .	'' ( and the ) pictures in the sky '' is a song by the british band , medicine head .	pictures of lily is a single by the british rock band the who , written by guitarist and primary songwriter pete townshend .	pictures of home is a song by the british hard rock group deep purple , from their 1972 album machine head .	so close is a song written by composer alan menken and lyricist stephen schwartz for walt disney pictures ' enchanted .	black is black is a song recorded by canadian country music artist amanda stott .	pictures in the dark is a song by mike oldfield released as a single mainly in europe in 1985 ( see 1985 in music ) .	when i said i do is a song written by american country music singer clint black , and recorded by black and his wife lisa hartman black as a duet .	the wizard is a song by the british heavy metal band black sabbath , taken from their 1970 album black sabbath .	red barchetta is a song by the rock band rush , from their 1981 studio album moving pictures .
half a man is a song written by country music singer willie nelson .	why do i have to choose is a song written and recorded by american country music artist willie nelson .	man with the blues is a song by country music singer-songwriter willie nelson .	three days is a song written by willie nelson .	what a way to live is a song written by country music singer willie nelson .	little old fashioned karma is a song written and recorded by american country music artist willie nelson .	i never cared for you is a song written by country music singer willie nelson .	touch me is a song written by country music singer willie nelson .	forgiving you was easy is a song written and recorded by american country music artist willie nelson .	pretty paper is a song written by country music singer-songwriter willie nelson in 1963 .	bloody mary morning is a song written by american country music singer-songwriter willie nelson .	ai n't necessarily so is a song written by beth nielsen chapman , and recorded by american country music artist willie nelson .	wake me when it 's over is a song written by country music singer willie nelson .	no place for me was the debut recording song of country singer-songwriter willie nelson .	on the road again is a song written and made famous by country music singer willie nelson .	funny how time slips away is a song written by willie nelson and first recorded by country singer billy walker .	night life is a song written by country music singer-songwriter willie nelson .	beer for my horses is a song recorded by american country music artists toby keith and willie nelson .	the wall is a song written by country music singer willie nelson and producer buddy cannon .	good hearted woman is a song written by country music singers waylon jennings and willie nelson .
west coast is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter lana del rey for her third studio album , ultraviolence ( 2014 ) .	black beauty is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter lana del rey for her third studio album , ultraviolence ( 2014 ) .	old money is a song by american singer lana del rey from her third studio album , ultraviolence ( 2014 ) .	brooklyn baby is a song by american singer and songwriter lana del rey for her third studio album ultraviolence ( 2014 ) .	yayo is a song by american singer and songwriter lana del rey .	burning desire is a song by american singer and songwriter lana del rey .	born to die is a song by american singer lana del rey , taken from her debut studio album of the same name .	love is a song by the american singer lana del rey .	bel air is a song by american singer and songwriter lana del rey .	ride is a song by american singer and songwriter lana del rey from her third extended play ( ep ) , paradise ( 2012 ) .	lust for life is a song recorded by american singer lana del rey with a guest appearance by canadian singer the weeknd .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	riverside is a song by scottish singer songwriter barrie-james o'neill and american recording artist lana del rey .	big eyes is a song by american singer and songwriter lana del rey .	off to the races is a song by american singer and songwriter lana del rey .	music to watch boys to is a song by american singer lana del rey from her fourth studio album honeymoon ( 2015 ) .	summertime sadness is a song by american singer and songwriter lana del rey from her second studio album , born to die ( 2012 ) .	blue jeans is a song by american singer-songwriter lana del rey for her studio album born to die ( 2012 ) .	terrence loves you is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter lana del rey for her album honeymoon ( 2015 ) .	honeymoon is a song by american singer and songwriter lana del rey co-written by rick nowels .
name is an alternative rock song by the american rock band goo goo dolls .	home is a song by the goo goo dolls .	dizzy is a song by the goo goo dolls , written by lead vocalist and guitarist johnny rzeznik .	slide is a song recorded by american alternative rock group goo goo dolls .	broadway is a song recorded by the goo goo dolls .	black balloon is a song recorded by the goo goo dolls .	naked is a song by goo goo dolls .	sympathy is a song by the goo goo dolls .	stay with you is a song recorded by the goo goo dolls .	iris is a song by american alternative rock band goo goo dolls .	notbroken is a song by the goo goo dolls .	here is gone is a song recorded by the goo goo dolls .	rebel beat is a song recorded by american alternative rock band the goo goo dolls from their tenth studio album titled magnetic .	come to me is a song recorded by american alternative rock band the goo goo dolls from their tenth studio album magnetic .	better days is a song recorded by the goo goo dolls .	so far away is a 1993 song by alternative rock band the goo goo dolls .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	merry is a song by american power pop band magnapop .	big machine is a song by the goo goo dolls , first released on their gutterflower album in 2002 .	new mistake is a song by the american power pop group jellyfish .
heaven hell is a song originally performed by german music group systems in blue .	winner is a song originally performed by german music group systems in blue , and released as a single in 2004 .	sexy ann is a song by german music group systems in blue , released as promo single in 2005 .	jeannie moviestar is a synthpop song originally performed by german music group systems in blue featuring mark ashley .	system in blue is a song by german music group systems in blue , released as promo single in 2005 .	a thousand and one nights is a song by german music group systems in blue , released as a single in 2006 .	give a little sweet love is a song originally performed by german singer mark ashley featuring systems in blue , released as a single on june 19 , 2006 in germany .	blue gangsta is a song by american recording artist michael jackson .	bluer than blue is the title of a 1978 song recorded by michael johnson .	christmas in the sun is a christmas song by rolf harris and rick parfitt , released in 2009 .	dust in the wind is a song recorded by american progressive rock band kansas and written by band member kerry livgren , first released on their 1977 album point of know return .	starry eyed is a michael holliday song that became the uk no .	blue to the bone is a song written by michael garvin and bucky jones , and recorded by american country music duo sweethearts of the rodeo .	sun arise is the fourth single released by australian singer-songwriter rolf harris .	ex-girlfriend is a song by american ska band no doubt from their fourth studio album return of saturn ( 2000 ) .	a place with no name is a song by american singer michael jackson .	simple kind of life is a song written by gwen stefani for no doubt 's fourth album return of saturn ( 2000 ) .	point of know return is a song by the progressive rock band kansas written by steve walsh , robby steinhardt , and phil ehart for their 1977 album point of know return .	no point is a song by avant-garde band king missile .	breaking point is a song performed by american recording artist keri hilson from her second studio album , no boys allowed ( 2010 ) .
world is a song by james brown .	my thang is a funk song written and recorded by james brown .	there it is is a funk song by james brown .	papa do n't take no mess is a funk song performed by james brown .	i got a bag of my own is a funk song by james brown .	star generation is a song recorded by james brown .	reality is a song recorded by james brown .	gut bucket is a funk song performed by james brown .	i got the feelin ' is a funk song by james brown .	get on the good foot is a funk song performed by james brown .	get up , get into it , get involved is a funk song recorded by james brown .	funky president ( people it 's bad ) is a funk song by james brown .	it 's a new day is a funk song written and performed by james brown .	give it up or turnit a loose is a funk song recorded by james brown .	soul power is a song by james brown .	the spank is a song written by james brown and charles sherrell and recorded by brown .	stay with me is a song recorded by james brown .	talkin ' loud and sayin ' nothing is a funk song written by james brown and bobby byrd .	brother rapp is a 1970 funk song written and performed by james brown .	escape-ism is a funk song by james brown .
pynk is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter janelle monáe for her third studio album , dirty computer ( 2018 ) .	make me feel is a song by american singer janelle monáe , released on february 22 , 2018 as the lead single from her third studio album , dirty computer .	sorry is a song by american hip hop recording artist t.i.	tightrope is a 2010 song by american singer janelle monáe , the second official single from the archandroid .	cold war is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter janelle monáe for her debut studio album the archandroid ( 2010 ) .	come alive ( the war of the roses ) is a song by american singer janelle monáe .	primetime is a song by american psychedelic soul and r b singer janelle monáe featuring miguel .	dance apocalyptic is a song by janelle monáe , issued as the second single from her second studio album , the electric lady .	many moons is a 2008 song by american singer janelle monáe , included on the metropolis : suite i ( the chase ) album .	shifftee is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	roses is a song by american hip hop duo outkast .	girls is a song by british hip hop group n-dubz .	changes is a hip hop song by 2pac featuring talent .	hip hop hooray is a song by american hip hop group , naughty by nature .	last dayz is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	u understand is song by american hip hop artist juvenile .	react is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	hop is back is a song by american hip hop recording artist hopsin .	me-o-mi-o is a song by american hip hop artist casual .	slam is a song by american hip hop group onyx .
that 's that is a song written by hugh prestwood , and recorded by american country music artist michael johnson .	bing bang boom is a song written by hugh prestwood , and recorded by american country music band highway 101 .	the moon is still over her shoulder is a song written by hugh prestwood , and recorded by american country music artist michael johnson .	take it easy is a song performed by american country music artist crystal gayle .	when i dream is a song written by sandy mason theoret , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	nobody 's angel is a song recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	the woman in me is a song written by susan marie thomas , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	turning away is a song written by tim krekel , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	you never gave up on me is a song written by leslie pearl , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	i do n't wan na lose your love is a song written by joey carbone , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	our love is on the faultline is a song written by reece kirk , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	i 'll get over you is a song written by richard leigh , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	the blue side is a song written by david lasley and allee willis , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	nobody should have to love this way is a song recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	livin ' in these troubled times is a song written by sam hogin , roger cook and philip donnelly , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	talking in your sleep is a song written by roger cook and bobby wood , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	me against the night is a song written by pat bunch , pam rose , and mary ann kennedy , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	do n't it make my brown eyes blue is a song written by richard leigh , and recorded by american country music singer crystal gayle .	nobody wants to be alone is a song written by michael masser and kye fleming , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	i 'll do it all over again is a song written by bob mcdill and wayland holyfield , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .
play guitar play is a song written and recorded by american country music artist conway twitty .	victoria is a song by american rock band eve 6 .	daybreak is a song recorded by japanese recording artist and lyricist ayumi hamasaki , released on march 6 , 2002 as the eighth and final single on her fourth studio album i am ...	i wish is a song by j-pop idol group morning musume and was released september 6 , 2000 as their tenth single .	he was n't man enough is a song by american r b recording artist and songwriter toni braxton and released by laface records on march 7 , 2000 as the lead single from her third studio album , the heat ( 2000 ) .	sour milk sea is a song by english rock singer jackie lomax that was released as his debut single on the beatles ' apple record label in august 1968 .	6 words is a song by english rapper wretch 32 .	kill all hippies is a song by scottish rock primal scream , released on 20 march 2000 as the second single from their sixth studio album xtrmntr .	6 in the mornin ' is a song by ice-t .	who run it is a song by hip hop group three 6 mafia , released as the lead single from their fourth studio album when the smoke clears : sixty 6 , sixty 1 .	general grant 's march is a world war i era march song composed by e. mack .	you 're not alone ( released 13 march 2000 ) is a song by english rock band embrace , the most successful from their second studio album drawn from memory .	tru is a song by american singer-songwriter lloyd , released on may 6 , 2016 , from his extended play tru ( 2016 ) .	campione 2000 was the official song of the european football championship 2000 in the netherlands and belgium .	do n't play that song again was the uk entry for the 2000 eurovision song contest .	under the surface is the debut album from norwegian singer-songwriter marit larsen which was released on march 6 , 2006 .	under the surface is the debut album from norwegian singer-songwriter marit larsen which was released on march 6 , 2006 .	poison is a song by english electronic music group the prodigy , released on 6 march 1995 as the fourth and final single from their second studio album music for the jilted generation ( 1994 ) .	2000 mädchen -lsb- 2000 girls -rsb- is a punk song by die ärzte .	something to dance for is a song sung by zendaya for the soundtrack shake it up : live 2 dance the song was written and producer by jeannie lurie , aris archontis , benjamin dherbecourt , chen neeman and released as promotional single on march 6 , 2012 .
beautiful is a song by contemporary christian music band mercyme .	so long self is a song written and performed by christian rock band mercyme .	homesick is a song by christian rock band mercyme .	move is a song by christian rock band mercyme .	spoken for is a song by christian rock band mercyme .	word of god speak is a song by christian rock band mercyme .	you reign is a song written and performed by christian rock band mercyme .	in the blink of an eye is a song written and performed by christian rock band , mercyme .	joseph 's lullaby is a song written and recorded by christian rock band mercyme .	the change inside of me is a song by christian rock band mercyme .	here with me is a song by christian rock band , mercyme .	bring the rain is a song by american christian rock band mercyme from their 2006 album coming up to breathe .	god with us is a song written and performed by christian rock band mercyme .	finally home is a song by contemporary christian music band mercyme .	the hurt the healer is a song by christian rock band mercyme .	losing is a song by christian contemporary christian music band tenth avenue north from their third studio album , the struggle .	i need a miracle is a song by christian contemporary christian music southern rock and christian rock band third day from their eleventh studio album , miracle .	only jesus is a song by american contemporary christian and christian rock band casting crowns .	christian is a song by china crisis .	every christian lion hearted man will show you is a song written by barry , robin maurice gibb released by the bee gees in 1967 on their album bee gees ' 1st .
madison blues is a blues song by american blues musician elmore james .	i ca n't hold out , also known as `` talk to me baby '' , is a blues song written by willie dixon and recorded by elmore james in 1960 .	world is a song by james brown .	star generation is a song recorded by james brown .	reality is a song recorded by james brown .	highway song is a song written by james taylor .	out of sight is a rhythm and blues song recorded by james brown in 1964 .	i want you so bad is a rhythm and blues song written and recorded by james brown .	mashed potatoes u.s.a. is a rhythm and blues song by james brown .	bartender 's blues is a song written by james taylor and first released on his 1977 album jt .	hard times is a song written by james taylor .	hard times is a song written by james taylor .	soul power is a song by james brown .	i 'll go crazy is a rhythm and blues song recorded by james brown and the famous flames .	i do n't mind is a rhythm and blues song written by james brown and performed by brown and the famous flames .	please , please , please is a rhythm and blues song performed by james brown and the famous flames .	three times in love is a song written by tommy james and ron serota and performed by james .	escape-ism is a funk song by james brown .	everybody 's happy now is a world war i song written by james kendis , james brockman , and nat vincent in 1918 .	just came back is a song by colin james .
cry baby cry is a song by the beatles , written by john lennon 1 ( though credited to lennon -- mccartney ) from their 1968 album the beatles ( also known as the `` white album '' ) .	ticket to ride is a song by the english rock group the beatles , written by john lennon and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	because is a song written by john lennon 1 ( credited to lennon -- mccartney ) and recorded by the beatles in 1969 .	hello , goodbye is a song by the english rock band the beatles , written by paul mccartney and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	she 's a woman is a song by the beatles , written mainly by paul mccartney and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	all i 've got to do is a song written by john lennon 1 2 ( credited to lennon -- mccartney ) and performed by english rock group the beatles on their second british album , with the beatles .	and i love her is a song recorded by english rock band the beatles , written primarily by paul mccartney ( credited to lennon -- mccartney ) .	girl is a song written by john lennon 1 2 ( credited to lennon -- mccartney ) and performed by the beatles on their 1965 album rubber soul .	revolution is a song by the beatles , written by john lennon and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	come together is a song by the beatles written primarily by john lennon 2 and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	lady madonna is a song by the beatles , written by paul mccartney and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	i 'll get you is a song by the beatles , written by lennon -- mccartney , 1 and released by the beatles as the b-side of their 1963 single `` she loves you '' .	two of us is a 1969 song by the beatles , written by paul mccartney 1 2 ( credited to lennon -- mccartney ) .	good night is a song by the beatles , composed by john lennon , but credited to lennon -- mccartney .	hey jude is a song by english rock band the beatles , written by paul mccartney and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	i saw her standing there is a song by the english rock band the beatles credited to paul mccartney and john lennon , but written primarily by mccartney .	all together now is a song by the beatles written primarily by paul mccartney 1 2 and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	i should have known better is a song by english rock band the beatles composed by john lennon 1 2 ( credited to lennon -- mccartney ) , and originally issued on a hard day 's night , their soundtrack for the film of the same name released on 10 july 1964 .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .
fidelity is a song by american singer-songwriter regina spektor , released as the second single from her fourth album begin to hope .	samson is a song written and recorded by american singer-songwriter regina spektor , from her albums songs and begin to hope .	remember us to life is the seventh studio album by singer-songwriter regina spektor .	remember us to life is the seventh studio album by singer-songwriter regina spektor .	remember us to life is the seventh studio album by singer-songwriter regina spektor .	remember us to life is the seventh studio album by singer-songwriter regina spektor .	remember us to life is the seventh studio album by singer-songwriter regina spektor .	remember us to life is the seventh studio album by singer-songwriter regina spektor .	remember us to life is the seventh studio album by singer-songwriter regina spektor .	remember us to life is the seventh studio album by singer-songwriter regina spektor .	remember us to life is the seventh studio album by singer-songwriter regina spektor .	remember us to life is the seventh studio album by singer-songwriter regina spektor .	remember us to life is the seventh studio album by singer-songwriter regina spektor .	remember us to life is the seventh studio album by singer-songwriter regina spektor .	remember us to life is the seventh studio album by singer-songwriter regina spektor .	without you is a romantic song written by the american songwriter and music producer lamont dozier , 1 and recorded in 1987 2 as a duet by the r b singers peabo bryson and regina belle .	seven seas of rhye is a song by the british rock band queen .	exciter is a song by british heavy metal band judas priest , from their 1978 album stained class .	root beer rag is a song from billy joel 's 1974 album streetlife serenade .	do something to me is a song written by jimmy calvert , norman marzano , and paul naumann and was recorded by tommy james and the shondells for their 1968 album , crimson clover .
clash city rockers is a song and single by the clash .	'' ( white man ) in hammersmith palais '' is a song by the english punk rock band the clash .	this is radio clash is a song by the english punk rock band the clash .	the call up is a song by english punk rock group the clash .	janie jones is a song by the english punk rock band the clash .	train in vain is a song by the british punk rock band the clash .	the magnificent seven is a song and single by the english punk rock band the clash .	capital radio is a song and an extended play by the english punk rock band the clash .	the guns of brixton is a song by the english punk rock band the clash .	should i stay or should i go is a song by the english punk rock band the clash , from their album combat rock .	london calling is a song by the british punk rock band the clash .	straight to hell is a song by the clash , from their album combat rock .	bankrobber is a song by the clash .	overpowered by funk is a song by the clash from their fifth album combat rock .	spanish bombs is a song by english punk rock band the clash , with principal vocals by joe strummer and additional vocals by mick jones .	garageland is a song by english punk rock band the clash featured as the final track for their 1977 debut album the clash .	career opportunities is a song by the clash , recorded for their debut studio album , the clash in 1977 .	this is england is a song by the english punk rock band the clash , released in september 1985 .	california sun is a rock song first recorded by american rhythm and blues singer joe jones .	revolution rock is a song by the clash , featured on their 1979 album london calling .
oh lord is a song by american band in this moment .	adrenalize is a song by american band in this moment .	whore is a song by american band in this moment .	the promise is a song by american metal band in this moment .	sex metal barbie is a song by american band in this moment .	blood is a song by american band in this moment .	prayers is a song by american metal band in this moment .	the gun show is a song by american metalcore band in this moment .	big bad wolf is a song by american band in this moment .	cinderella is a song by contemporary christian singer steven curtis chapman from his album this moment .	moment is a song by japanese band smap .	within me is a song by italian gothic metal band lacuna coil .	live in the moment is a song by american rock band portugal .	feel this moment is a song by the american rapper pitbull , the recording of which features the american singer christina aguilera .	in a moment is a song by rock band stereophonics .	stuck in a moment you ca n't get out of is a song by irish rock band u2 .	the unguarded moment is a song by australian alternative rock band the church , released in march 1981 .	bless this house is a song published in 1927 .	in the heat of the moment is a song by the english rock band noel gallagher 's high flying birds .	from this moment on is a song by canadian singer shania twain that appeared on her third studio album , come on over ( 1997 ) .
808 is an r b song released in 1999 by american r b girl group , blaque .	i like is a song by american r b group guy recorded for their debut studio album guy ( 1988 ) .	d-o-g me out is a song by the american r b group guy recorded for their second studio album the future ( 1990 ) .	ca n't let her get away is a song by michael jackson produced by michael jackson and teddy riley .	muhammad ali is a song recorded by british dance band faithless .	i do is an r b song released in 1999 by the american r b vocal trio , blaque .	love you down is the title of an r b song written by melvin riley jr .	everyday robots is a song by damon albarn , from his solo debut album , everyday robots .	everyday robots is a song by damon albarn , from his solo debut album , everyday robots .	out with my baby is a song by australian r b artist guy sebastian .	honey love a song by american r b singer r. kelly and american r b group public announcement .	another like my lover is an r b song by american singer and actress jasmine guy .	just want to hold you is an r b song released in 1991 by jasmine guy .	i 'm good is an r b song released in 2004 by american r b vocal trio , blaque .	bad habits is an r b song by american r b singer maxwell .	better use your head is a song and single by american r b group , little anthony the imperials written by teddy randazzo , who also produced it , and his wife victoria pike .	same girl is a song released by r b singer r. kelly , from his 2007 album double up , with r b singer , usher .	come home to me is an r b song by american r b singer miki howard .	baby , be mine is an r b song by the american r b singer miki howard .	just right for me is a r b song by american r b recording artist monica , featuring guest vocals from rapper lil wayne .
why lady why is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	plain brown wrapper is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	baby bye bye is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	leave me lonely is a song written and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	lasso the moon is a song written by steve dorff and milton brown , and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	country girls is a song written by troy seals and eddie setser , and recorded by american country music artist john schneider .	makin ' up for lost time ( the dallas lovers ' song ) is a song recorded as a duet by american country music artists crystal gayle and gary morris .	lighthearted is a song by new zealand musician , jenny morris .	headed for a heartache is a song written by kent blazy and james dowell , and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	the love she found in me is a song written by dennis linde and bob morrison , and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	do n't look back is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	80s mercedes is a song by american country music singer maren morris .	you i know is a song by new zealand musician jenny morris .	velvet chains is a song written by kevin welch and ron hellard , and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	second hand heart is a song written by mark gray , harold tipton and craig karp , and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	rachel is a song by australian singer russell morris .	you 're welcome to tonight is a song written by jim hurt , larry henley and grant boatwright , and recorded by american country music artists lynn anderson and gary morris .	dreams die hard is a song written by chick rains , and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	100 % chance of rain is a song written by charlie black and austin roberts , and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	saved me is a song by new zealand musician , jenny morris .
sierra is a song co-written and recorded by american country music duo maddie tae .	girl in a country song is the debut single by american country music duo maddie tae , co-written with aaron scherz and released in july 2014 .	fifteen is a country pop song performed by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	our song is a country song written and performed by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	you 're not sorry is a country rock song performed by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	country road is a song written and performed by james taylor .	change is a song performed by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	half of my heart is a song by american singer john mayer featuring american country pop singer taylor swift .	highway song is a song written by james taylor .	october road is singer-songwriter james taylor 's fifteenth studio album .	crazier is a song by american recording artist taylor swift .	taylor is a song written and sung by jack johnson .	heaven for everyone is a song written by roger taylor .	hard times is a song written by james taylor .	hard times is a song written by james taylor .	something in the way she moves is a song written by james taylor that appeared on his 1968 debut album for apple records , james taylor .	santa fe is a song written by david bellamy and ron taylor , and recorded by american country music duo the bellamy brothers .	speak now is a song by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	fearless is a country pop song performed by american singer-songwriter taylor swift .	big harlan taylor is a song by george jones .
victoria is a song written by ray davies of the kinks .	set me free is a song by ray davies , released first by the kinks in 1965 .	destroyer is a song by british rock band the kinks , written by ray davies .	shangri-la is a song written by ray davies of the kinks .	celluloid heroes is a song performed by the kinks and written by their lead vocalist and principal songwriter , ray davies .	she 's got everything is a song written by ray davies and released by the kinks .	sunny afternoon is a song by the kinks , written by chief songwriter ray davies .	autumn almanac is a song written by ray davies and recorded by the rock group the kinks in 1967 .	god 's children is a song written by ray davies and performed by the kinks .	god 's children is a song written by ray davies and performed by the kinks .	see my friends is a song by the kinks , written by the group 's singer and guitarist , ray davies .	sitting by the riverside is a song by the british rock band the kinks , written by their main songwriter ray davies .	dead end street is a song by the british band the kinks from 1966 , written by main songwriter ray davies .	got to be free is a song written by ray davies and performed by british rock band the kinks .	you really got me is a song written by ray davies for english rock band the kinks .	wonderboy is a pop song , written by ray davies and recorded by the kinks in 1968 .	where have all the good times gone is a song written by ray davies and performed by the kinks .	stop your sobbing is a song written by ray davies for the kinks ' debut album , kinks .	plastic man is a song written by ray davies and recorded by the kinks in 1969 .	david watts is a song written by ray davies that originally appeared on the kinks 's 1967 album something else by the kinks .
vienna calling is a song recorded by austrian musician falco , released in september 1985 as the second single for his third studio album falco 3 ( 1985 ) .	jeanny is a song recorded by austrian musician falco , released in december 1985 as the third single from his third studio album falco 3 ( 1985 ) .	ganz wien is a song by falco .	love house is a pop -- dance song performed by british singer samantha fox and written by ferdi bolland and rob bolland .	the sound of musik is a 1986 song by austrian pop musician falco 1 from his album emotional .	egoist is a song by falco from his eighth studio album out of the dark ( into the light ) .	titanic is a song by falco from his 1992 studio album nachtflug .	out of the dark is a song by falco from his eighth studio album out of the dark ( into the light ) .	wiener blut is a song by falco from his 1988 studio album wiener blut .	data de groove is a song by falco from his 1990 studio album data de groove .	wissenswertes über erlangen is a 1982 song from the berlin band foyer des arts , considered neue deutsche welle .	pussy is a song by german neue deutsche härte band rammstein .	perfekte welle ( english : `` perfect wave '' ) is a song by german band juli .	ecstasy is a house 1 song by singer , jody watley .	dance mephisto is a song by falco from his 1992 studio album nachtflug .	links 2-3-4 ( german for left 2-3-4 ) is a song by neue deutsche härte band rammstein , released on their third studio album , mutter ( mother ) .	obstacle 1 is a song by american rock band interpol .	beautiful life 1 2 is a lydia canaan song .	song # 1 is a song by russian girl group serebro .	wood grain wheel 1 is a song by rapper slim thug .
christmas is a song written by pete townshend and is the seventh song on the who 's rock opera tommy .	substitute is a song by the english rock band the who , written by pete townshend .	eminence front is a song written and sung by pete townshend of the who .	overture is a song by english rock band the who , written by pete townshend .	naked eye is a song by the who , written by pete townshend .	i 'm a boy is a 1966 rock song written by pete townshend for the who .	the acid queen is a song written by pete townshend and is the ninth song on the who 's rock opera album tommy .	a legal matter is a song written by pete townshend and recorded by the british rock band the who for their debut album my generation .	pictures of lily is a single by the british rock band the who , written by guitarist and primary songwriter pete townshend .	the boy who heard music is a rock opus that began life as an internet novella written by musician and songwriter pete townshend .	real good looking boy is a song written by the guitarist of the british rock band the who , pete townshend .	i ca n't explain a is a song by the english rock band the who , written by pete townshend , and produced by shel talmy .	give blood is a song by pete townshend , the guitarist for the who .	let 's see action is a song written and composed by pete townshend and recorded by the who .	keep on working is a song written and composed by the english musician pete townshend , guitarist for the who .	the ghost at number one is a song by the american power pop group jellyfish .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	the kids are alright is a song written by pete townshend of the who .	wo n't get fooled again is a song by the english rock band the who , written by pete townshend .	'' ` face the face ' '' is a song by pete townshend .
family tree is a song by american rock band kings of leon .	notion is a song by american rock band kings of leon .	reverend is a song by american rock band kings of leon .	walls is a song by american rock band kings of leon .	fans is a song by american rock band kings of leon .	supersoaker is a song by american rock band kings of leon .	the immortals is a song by american rock band kings of leon .	waste a moment is a song by american rock band kings of leon .	beautiful war is a song by american rock band kings of leon .	wait for me is a song by american rock band kings of leon .	use somebody is a song by american rock group kings of leon .	do n't matter is a song by american rock band kings of leon .	taper jean girl is a song by american rock band kings of leon .	crawl is a song by american rock band kings of leon , and the second track of their 2008 album only by the night .	on call is a song by rock band kings of leon and is the third track on their 2007 album because of the times .	charmer is a song by american rock band kings of leon , and is the third single released from their 2007 album because of the times .	radioactive is a song by american rock band kings of leon , and was the first single released from their 2010 album come around sundown .	weapon is a song by canadian alternative rock artist matthew good .	pyro is a song by american rock band kings of leon , and is the second single that was released from their 2010 album come around sundown .	kings of speed is a 1975 song by the british space rock group hawkwind .
a cowboy 's born with a broken heart is a song written by chris farren and jeffrey steele , and recorded by american country music band boy howdy .	they do n't make 'em like that anymore is a song written by chris farren and jeffrey steele , and recorded by american country music group boy howdy .	hell yeah is a song written by jeffrey steele and craig wiseman , and recorded by american country music duo montgomery gentry .	speed is a song written by jeffrey steele and chris wallin , and recorded by american country music duo montgomery gentry .	chrome is a song written by anthony smith and jeffrey steele and recorded by american country music artist trace adkins .	absence of the heart is a song written by chris farren , chuck jones , and co-written and recorded by american country music artist deana carter .	could n't last a moment is a song written by danny wells and jeffrey steele , and recorded by american country music singer collin raye .	unbelievable is a song written by jeffrey steele and al anderson , and recorded by american country music band diamond rio .	how do i get there is a song written by chris farren , and co-written and recorded by american country music artist deana carter .	my town is a song written by reed nielsen and jeffrey steele and recorded by american country music duo montgomery gentry .	she dreams is a song co-written by tim mensy and gary harrison .	wrong side of memphis is a country music song written by matraca berg and gary harrison .	now and then is a song written by gary harrison and karen staley and recorded by staley .	big deal is a song written by jeffrey steele and al anderson , and recorded by american country music artist leann rimes .	strawberry wine is a song written by matraca berg and gary harrison , and recorded by american country music artist deana carter .	i just wanted you to know is a song written by tim mensy and gary harrison and recorded by american country music singer mark chesnutt .	i hate everything is a song written by gary harrison and keith stegall , and recorded by american country music singer george strait .	a face in the crowd is a song written by karen staley and gary harrison , and recorded by american country music artists michael martin murphey and holly dunn .	help me understand is a song written by wayne hector , steve mac and chris farren , and recorded by american country music artist trace adkins .	tell the girl is a song recorded by canadian country music artist duane steele .
sentimental is a song by canadian singer deborah cox .	house is not a home is a song recorded and written by canadian singer deborah cox .	absolutely not is a song by the canadian singer deborah cox .	september is a song by canadian singer deborah cox .	beautiful u r is a song by canadian singer deborah cox .	kinda miss you is a song by canadian singer deborah cox .	if it was n't for love is a song recorded and written by canadian singer deborah cox .	the sound of my tears is a song by canadian singer deborah cox .	play your part is a song by canadian singer deborah cox .	who do u love is a song performed by canadian singer deborah cox .	higher is a song by canadian singer deborah cox .	more than i knew is a song by canadian singer deborah cox .	more than i knew is a song by canadian singer deborah cox .	same script , different cast is a song performed as a duet by american and canadian r b singers whitney houston and deborah cox .	where do we go from here is a song by canadian singer deborah cox .	it 's over now is a song by canadian singer deborah cox .	let the world be ours tonight is a song recorded and written by canadian singer deborah cox .	confessions part ii is a song by r b singer usher , produced by jermaine dupri and bryan-michael cox for usher 's fourth album confessions .	bad habits is an r b song by american r b singer maxwell .	come home to me is an r b song by american r b singer miki howard .
release is a song by canadian rock band the tea party .	gyroscope is a song by canadian rock band the tea party .	lullaby is a song by canadian rock band the tea party .	soulbreaking is a song by canadian rock band the tea party .	stargazer is a song by canadian rock band the tea party .	psychopomp is a song by canadian rock band the tea party .	midsummer day is a song by canadian rock band the tea party .	tea party is a song by estonian recording artist kerli .	the bazaar is a song by canadian rock band the tea party .	heaven coming down is a song by canadian rock band the tea party .	oceans is a song by canadian rock band the tea party .	walking wounded is a song by canadian rock band the tea party .	babylon is a song by canadian rock band the tea party .	sister awake is a song by canadian rock band the tea party .	shadows on the mountainside is a song by canadian rock band the tea party .	these living arms is a song by canadian rock band the tea party .	in this time is a song by canadian rock band the tea party .	fire in the head is a song by canadian rock band the tea party .	save me is a song by canadian rock band the tea party .	the river is a song by canadian rock band the tea party .
sway is a song by english rock band the rolling stones from their 1971 album sticky fingers .	ca n't you hear me knocking is a song by english rock band the rolling stones from their 1971 album sticky fingers .	sweet sticky thing is the name of a popular song by funk band ohio players .	sticky icky is a song by american rapper pitbull featuring jim jones .	sister morphine is a song written by marianne faithfull , mick jagger and keith richards .	trouble is a song by english musician and guitarist of the rock band the rolling stones , keith richards .	fingers thumbs ( cold summer 's day ) is a song by british synthpop duo erasure .	one crowded hour is a song by australian indie rock band augie march , written by glenn richards .	moves like jagger is a song by american band maroon 5 featuring singer christina aguilera .	angel fingers ( a teen ballad ) was a popular song by wizzard .	short dick man is a song by american hip house group 20 fingers featuring rapper gillette .	fingers of love is a 1994 song by rock group crowded house from the group 's fourth studio album together alone .	old habits die hard is a song from the 2004 movie alfie , with music by david stewart and lyrics by mick jagger , and performed by jagger .	two fingers is a song by british singer songwriter jake bugg .	little thoughts / `` tulips '' are two songs by english rock band bloc party .	girls / girls / boys is a song by american rock band panic !	lovers in japan / reign of love is a song by british rock band coldplay .	valentine is the seventh album by english folk / rock singer-songwriter and guitarist roy harper .	avellaneda blues is a song by the argentine blues rock band manal .	snap your fingers is a song written by grady martin and alex zanetis .
one thing is a song by canadian rock band finger eleven and the second single from their self-titled album .	the gift is a song by post grunge and alternative metal band seether .	paradise is a song recorded by american country music artist john anderson .	bound for glory is a song by australian singer angry anderson .	1959 is a song written by gary gentry , and recorded by american country music artist john anderson .	city lights is an american country music song written by bill anderson .	state of independence is a song written by jon anderson and vangelis .	wild and blue is a song written by john scott sherrill , and recorded by american country music artist john anderson .	i go to rio is a popular song written by peter allen and adrienne anderson , and performed by allen .	money jane is a hip-hop song by baby blue soundcrew featuring kardinal offishall , jully black , and sean paul .	money is a song written by lasse anderson , and performed by elin lanto at melodifestivalen 2007 .	i wo n't cry is a song written by lasse anderson , and recorded by elin lanto .	steam is a song written by lewis anderson and bob regan , and recorded by american country music artist ty herndon .	o superman is a 1981 song by performance artist and musician laurie anderson .	the fugitive ' ( later titled `` i 'm a lonesome fugitive on the album ) is a song recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers , written by liz anderson and casey anderson ( parents of country music singer lynn anderson ) .	the boy from dundee was a song written by anderson and wise .	sometimes is a 1975 song written by bill anderson , and performed by bill anderson and mary lou turner .	eye of a hurricane is a song written by jerry fuller , and recorded by american country music artist john anderson .	whiskey lullaby is a song composed by bill anderson and jon randall .	unbelievable is a song written by jeffrey steele and al anderson , and recorded by american country music band diamond rio .
stargazing is a song by the norwegian dj and record producer kygo .	used to is a song by swedish singer sandro cavazza featuring lou elliotte .	carry me is a song by norwegian dj and music producer kygo , featuring vocals from american singer julia michaels .	high with somebody is a song by swedish singer sandro cavazza and p3gi-13 .	firestone is a song by norwegian dj and record producer kygo , featuring vocals from australian singer conrad sewell .	remind me to forget is a song recorded by norwegian record producer kygo , featuring guest vocals from american singer miguel .	stranger things is a song recorded by norwegian dj and record producer kygo , featuring american pop rock band onerepublic .	stole the show is a song by norwegian dj and record producer kygo , featuring vocals from american singer parson james .	so much better is a song by swedish singer sandro cavazza , available on his debut extended play sandro cavazza .	false alarm is a song written by british singer becky hill and produced by norwegian dj and tropical house record producer matoma .	this house is a 1990 1 song by american singer -- songwriter tracie spencer .	stay is a house song performed by french dj david guetta , featuring vocals from singer chris willis .	ecstasy is a house 1 song by singer , jody watley .	i 'm a wonderful thing , baby is a 1982 song by kid creole and the coconuts from their album tropical gangsters .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	at night is a song by swiss house music project shakedown , featuring vocals from american singer terra deva .	silhouettes is a song by swedish house producer and dj avicii featuring vocals from swedish singer salem al fakir .	short dick man is a song by american hip house group 20 fingers featuring rapper gillette .	let 's play house is a song by hip hop duo tha dogg pound featuring michel ` le .	in my mind is a 2012 song by the australian house music producer and dj ivan gough and the house music duo feenixpawl featuring the vocals of the indie pop musician georgi kay .
big dreams in a small town is a song recorded by american country music group restless heart .	'' ( back to the ) heartbreak kid '' is a song written by van stephenson and tim dubois , and recorded by american country music group restless heart .	restless heart is a song by us singer peter cetera .	familiar pain is a song recorded by american country music group restless heart .	let the heartache ride is a debut song written by van stephenson , dave robbins and tim dubois , and recorded by american country music group restless heart .	feel my way to you is a song recorded by american country music group restless heart .	dancy 's dream is a song recorded by american country music group restless heart .	wheels is a song written by dave loggins , and recorded by american country music band restless heart .	i 'll still be loving you is a song recorded by american country music group restless heart .	a tender lie is a song written by randy sharp and recorded by american country music band restless heart .	fast movin ' train is a song written by dave loggins and recorded by american country music group restless heart .	i want everyone to cry is a song written by wood newton and michael noble , and recorded by american country music group restless heart .	restless is a song by elton john with lyrics by bernie taupin .	hell raisin ' good time is a song recorded by canadian country music artist tim hicks .	if you 're reading this is a song by american country music artist tim mcgraw .	all my life is a song written by dave robbins , jeff silbar , and van stephenson , and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .	shotgun rider is a song recorded by american country music artist tim mcgraw .	may we all is a song recorded by american country music group florida georgia line and country music artist tim mcgraw .	restless and wild is a song by german heavy metal band accept from their album restless and wild , released in 1982 .	lovin ' lately is a song by american country music duo big rich featuring tim mcgraw .
simple song is a song by american indie rock band the shins from their fourth studio album port of morrow .	australia is a song by american indie rock band the shins , and is the second track on their third album , wincing the night away .	phantom limb is a song by american indie rock band the shins , and is the fourth track on their third album wincing the night away .	fighting in a sack is a song by american indie rock band the shins , and is the sixth track on their second album chutes too narrow .	sea legs is a song by american indie rock band the shins , and is the fifth track on their third album wincing the night away .	turn on me is a song by american indie rock band the shins , and is the seventh track on their third album wincing the night away .	so says i is a song by american indie rock band the shins , the third track of their second album chutes too narrow .	unbelievers is a song by american indie pop band vampire weekend .	weak is a song by american indie pop band ajr .	carry on is a song by american indie pop band fun .	shelter is a song by english indie pop band the xx .	1901 is a song by french indie pop band phoenix .	bright is a song by american indie pop band echosmith .	broken leg is an indie rock song written and recorded by australian indie rock band bluejuice .	duet is a song from british indie pop band everything everything .	kemosabe is a song by british indie pop band everything everything .	james dean-esque is a song by british indie rock band the crocketts .	some nights is a song by american indie pop band fun .	good grief is a song by english indie pop band bastille .	robbers is a song by american indie pop band youngblood hawke .
mysteria is a song by finish alternative rock band the rasmus .	in the shadows is a song by finnish alternative rock band the rasmus , included on the group 's fifth studio album dead letters .	ice is a song by the finnish rock band the rasmus ( then named just `` rasmus '' ) , originally included on the band 's second album playboys .	stranger is a song by finnish alternative rock band the rasmus .	heartbreaker / days is a single by finnish rock band the rasmus which is a composition of the two songs `` heartbreaker '' and `` days '' .	livin ' in a world without you is a song by finnish rock band the rasmus and the first single from their seventh studio album , black roses .	shot is a song by the finnish alternative rock band the rasmus , originally released on the band 's sixth studio album hide from the sun on september 2 , 2006 .	keep your heart broken is a song by the finnish alternative rock band the rasmus , and the ninth track of their 2005 album hide from the sun .	no fear is a song by the finnish alternative rock band the rasmus , originally released on the band 's sixth studio album hide from the sun on september 2 , 2005 .	sail away is a song by the finnish rock band the rasmus , originally released on the band 's sixth studio album hide from the sun on september 2 , 2005 .	swimming with the kids is a song by the finnish rock band the rasmus , originally released on the band 's third album hell of a tester on 2 november 1998 .	run is a song from australian alternative rock group , george .	quasar is a song by american alternative rock band , the smashing pumpkins .	all of the dreamers is an alternative rock song recorded by australian alternative rock band powderfinger .	still real is a song from australian alternative rock group , george .	this love is the fourth single by japanese singer angela aki , and was the third ending theme song of blood + .	try , try , try is a song by american alternative rock band the smashing pumpkins .	breaking it slowly is a song from australian alternative rock group , george .	all the plans is a song by the english alternative rock band , starsailor .	defriended is a song by the american alternative rock singer beck , released june 24 , 2013 .
my lucky day is a song written and recorded by bruce springsteen .	stolen car is a song written and performed by bruce springsteen .	human touch is a song recorded by the american rock singer bruce springsteen .	independence day is a song written and performed by bruce springsteen .	protection is a song written by bruce springsteen for donna summer .	be true is a song by bruce springsteen .	darkness on the edge of town is a song by american rock singer/songwriter bruce springsteen .	sad eyes is a song written and performed by bruce springsteen .	lonesome day is a song written by bruce springsteen and initially performed by springsteen and the e street band .	she 's the one is a song by bruce springsteen .	land of hope and dreams is a 1999 song written by bruce springsteen and performed by springsteen and the e street band .	the ghost of tom joad is a folk rock song written by bruce springsteen .	atlantic city is a song recorded by bruce springsteen , which first appeared on springsteen 's 1982 solo album nebraska .	nebraska is the title song of bruce springsteen 's 1982 solo album .	open all night is a song written and recorded by rock musician bruce springsteen , which first appeared on springsteen 's 1982 solo album nebraska .	johnny 99 is a song written and recorded by rock musician bruce springsteen , which first appeared on springsteen 's 1982 solo album nebraska .	darlington county is a 1984 song written and performed by bruce springsteen .	point blank is a song written by bruce springsteen and first released on springsteen 's 1980 album the river .	lost in the flood is a song by bruce springsteen .	cadillac ranch is a song written by bruce springsteen that was first released on springsteen 's 1980 album the river .
bulletproof is a song by american rock band godsmack .	vampires is a song by american rock band godsmack .	inside yourself is a song by american metal band godsmack .	sinner 's prayer is a song by american rock musician sully erna .	something different is a song by the rock band godsmack .	bad magick is a song by the rock band godsmack .	bad religion is a song by godsmack .	i stand alone is a song by the american rock band godsmack .	sick of life is a song by the rock band godsmack .	greed is a song by the band godsmack .	outside is a song by the american alternative metal band staind .	thank you is a song by american alternative metal band sevendust .	now is a song by the american alternative metal band staind .	dirty is a song by american alternative metal band sevendust .	change the world is a song by american alternative metal band p.o.d.	party hard is a song by british alternative rock band pulp .	swerve city is a song by american alternative metal band deftones .	just go is a song by american alternative metal band staind .	hard to see is a song by american heavy metal band five finger death punch .	born again is a song recorded by the christian rock band third day and alternative metal singer lacey mosley .
the chosen ones is a song by australian blues and rock band the black sorrows .	hold on to me is a song by australian blues and rock band the black sorrows .	ai n't love the strangest thing is a song by australian blues and rock band the black sorrows .	snake skin shoes is a song by australian blues and rock band the black sorrows .	chained to the wheel is a song by australian blues and rock band the black sorrows .	never let me go is a song by australian blues and rock band the black sorrows .	rock island line is an american folk song .	california sun is a rock song first recorded by american rhythm and blues singer joe jones .	blue on black is a song by american blues rock band kenny wayne shepherd band .	little black submarines is a song by american rock band the black keys .	no regrets is a song by folk and blues singer/songwriter tom rush .	outside woman blues is a blues song originally recorded by blind joe reynolds in 1929 .	men in black is a song by american rapper and actor will smith from the movie men in black , in which he also starred .	piss factory is a protopunk song written by patti smith and richard sohl , and released as a b-side on smith 's debut single `` hey joe '' in 1974 .	summer cannibals is a rock song written by patti smith and fred `` sonic '' smith , and released as a lead single from patti smith 1996 album gone again .	up there down there is a rock song written by patti smith and fred `` sonic '' smith .	avellaneda blues is a song by the argentine blues rock band manal .	black slacks is a song written by joe bennett and jimmy denton and performed by joe bennett the sparkletones .	black night is a 1951 blues song by charles brown .	rock n roll nigger is a rock song written by patti smith and lenny kaye , and released on the patti smith group 's 1978 album easter .
sex is a song by english rock band the 1975 , originally included as the third track on their second extended play of the same name , sex .	three pistols is a song by the tragically hip .	holidays in the sun is a song by the english band the sex pistols .	silly thing is a song by the sex pistols that was released in 1979 .	janie jones is a song by the english punk rock band the clash .	sex bomb is a 1999 song recorded by welsh singer tom jones .	sex 'n' money is a song by dj paul oakenfold from his second solo artist release a lively mind .	angel from montgomery is a song written by john prine , 1 originally appearing on his self-titled 1971 album john prine .	sex on the radio is a song by american pop punk band good charlotte , taken from their fifth studio album cardiology .	open thy lattice love was a song composed by stephen foster on february 1 , 1844 in pittsburgh , pennsylvania .	spanish bombs is a song by english punk rock band the clash , with principal vocals by joe strummer and additional vocals by mick jones .	livin ' in these troubled times is a song written by sam hogin , roger cook and philip donnelly , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	little miss disaster is a song by punk rock band the damned , released 1 december 2005 on their own lively arts label .	hypnotize u is a song by group n.e.r.d. , 1 produced by the neptunes and daft punk .	reach for the sky is a song by punk band social distortion from their 2004 album sex , love and rock 'n' roll .	i have you is a song written by paul and gene nelson , and recorded by american country music artist glen campbell .	liberty loan march is a world war i era song composed by john philip sousa .	baby , you 're something is a song written by curly putman , rafe vanhoy and don cook , and recorded by american country music artist john conlee .	man in the mirror is a song recorded by michael jackson , written by glen ballard and siedah garrett and produced by jackson and quincy jones .	on a good night is a song written by larry boone , don cook and paul nelson , and recorded by american country music artist wade hayes .
wordy rappinghood is a song by american new wave band tom tom club .	genius of love is a 1981 hit song by tom tom club from their 1981 eponymous debut album .	rebels is a song by tom petty and the heartbreakers .	is it wrong ( for loving you ) is a song written by warner mack .	the last dj is the title of a song written by tom petty and recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	even the losers is a song written by tom petty and recorded by tom petty and the heartbreakers .	cannonball is a song by belgian singer-songwriter tom dice .	42nd street is the title song from the 1933 warner bros .	mary jane 's last dance is a song written by tom petty and recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	quicksand is a song by british singer tom chaplin .	everything is awesome is the theme song to the 2014 warner bros .	tom robinson band ( trb ) are a british rock band , established in 1976 by singer , songwriter and bassist tom robinson .	i need to know is a song written by tom petty and recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	all goes wrong is a song by british record production duo chase status , featuring vocals from tom grennan .	the rhythm of the saints is the eighth solo studio album by american singer-songwriter paul simon , released on october 16 , 1990 on warner bros .	the rhythm of the saints is the eighth solo studio album by american singer-songwriter paul simon , released on october 16 , 1990 on warner bros .	the rhythm of the saints is the eighth solo studio album by american singer-songwriter paul simon , released on october 16 , 1990 on warner bros .	the rhythm of the saints is the eighth solo studio album by american singer-songwriter paul simon , released on october 16 , 1990 on warner bros .	the rhythm of the saints is the eighth solo studio album by american singer-songwriter paul simon , released on october 16 , 1990 on warner bros .	do n't do me like that is a song written by tom petty and recorded by tom petty and the heartbreakers .
i am is a song from kid rock 's self-titled release kid rock .	only god knows why is a song by american musician kid rock .	american bad ass is a song by the american musician kid rock , released from his 2000 album the history of rock .	all summer long is a song by american recording artist kid rock .	hard as a rock is a song and a single by the australian hard rock band ac/dc .	bawitdaba is a song by kid rock .	laid is the title song from 1993 album laid by manchester alternative rock band james .	party hard is a song by british alternative rock band pulp .	bitch 's brew is a song from hard rock band aerosmith 's seventh studio album , rock in a hard place .	runaground is a song by british alternative rock band james on 25 may 1998 .	hard times is a song written by james taylor .	hard times is a song written by james taylor .	destiny calling is a song by british alternative rock band james , released as three cd singles on 9 march 1998 by mercury records .	perfect world is a song written by james mercer and brian burton of the american alternative rock band broken bells .	gettin ' together is a song written by ritchie cordell and recorded by tommy james and the shondells for their 1967 album , gettin ' together .	funk # 49 is a song written by joe walsh , jim fox , and dale peters , and recorded by american hard rock band the james gang .	james k. polk is a song by alternative rock band they might be giants , about the united states president of the same name .	born again is a song recorded by the christian rock band third day and alternative metal singer lacey mosley .	hard luck woman is a song by american hard rock band kiss and the lead single from their 1976 album , rock and roll over .	it 's only love is a song written by morris levy , ritchie cordell , and sal trimachi and recorded by tommy james and the shondells for their 1966 album , it 's only love .
must do something about it is a song credited to paul and linda mccartney that first appeared on the wings 1976 album wings at the speed of sound .	she 's my baby is a song credited to paul and linda mccartney that was first released by wings on their 1976 album wings at the speed of sound .	cook of the house is a song written by paul and linda mccartney that was first released on wings ' 1976 album wings at the speed of sound .	hi , hi , hi is a song written by paul and linda mccartney and performed by wings .	sally g is a song written by paul and linda mccartney and performed by paul mccartney and wings .	c moon is a pop song with a reggae beat , written by paul and linda mccartney and performed by wings .	silly love songs is a song written by paul mccartney and linda mccartney and performed by wings .	junior 's farm is a song written by paul and linda mccartney and performed by wings .	bluebird is a song credited to paul and linda mccartney that was originally released on wings ' album band on the run .	my love is a love song by paul mccartney and wings ; it was written by paul mccartney as a tribute to his first wife linda .	daytime nighttime suffering is a song written by paul mccartney and recorded by wings .	little lamb dragonfly is a song credited to paul and linda mccartney and originally released on the wings 1973 album red rose speedway .	zoo gang is a song composed by paul and linda mccartney and performed by paul mccartney and wings .	helen wheels is a song by paul mccartney and wings .	letting go is a song credited to paul and linda mccartney and originally released by wings on their 1975 album venus and mars .	love in song is a song credited to paul and linda mccartney that was released on wings ' 1975 album venus and mars .	call me back again is a song credited to paul and linda mccartney and performed by wings .	mine for me is a song written by paul and linda mccartney .	no words is a song written by paul mccartney and denny laine , and first released on 7 december 1973 on band on the run by paul mccartney and wings .	the lovely linda is a song by english musician paul mccartney , released as the opening track of his debut solo album , mccartney , in april 1970 .
nobody 's child is a song by penny mclean released as a single in 1976 .	dance , bunny honey , dance is a song by penny mclean released as the first single of her album penny in 1977 .	do ya wan na funk is a dance song recorded by american recording artist sylvester .	wonderful baby is a song written and originally recorded by don mclean .	san francisco ( you 've got me ) is a disco song by the american disco group village people .	penny me is a song written and performed by american pop-rock band hanson , produced by hanson and danny kortchmar .	american pie is a song by american singer and songwriter don mclean .	castles in the air is a song by don mclean .	death disco is a song by public image ltd .	put it on ya is a song performed by american hip hop artist ; plies .	jumper is a song by the american rock band third eye blind and written by vocalist stephan jenkins .	disco lies is a song by american electronica musician moby .	made to worship is a song written by chris tomlin , ed cash and stephan sharp .	disco inferno is a song by american disco band the trammps from their 1976 fourth studio album of the same name .	i love the nightlife ( disco ` round ) is a popular disco song recorded by alicia bridges in 1978 .	disco duck is a satirical disco novelty song performed by rick dees and his cast of idiots .	lose you is an italo disco song written by peaches and simian mobile disco , and produced by simian mobile disco .	it is n't fair is a popular song written by richard himber , frank warshauer , and sylvester sprigato and published in 1933 .	over the mountain ; across the sea is a song written by rex garvin .	disco la passione is a 1996 song by chris rea .
unbreakable is a song recorded by irish boy band westlife .	my love is a song by irish boy band westlife .	beautiful world is a song by irish boy band westlife .	queen of my heart is a song by irish boy band westlife .	hello my love is a song by irish pop vocal band westlife .	hey whatever is a song by irish boy band westlife .	world of our own is a song by irish boy band westlife .	what makes a man is a song by irish boy band westlife .	if i let you go is a song by irish boy band westlife .	higher is a song written by jörgen elofsson and mathias venge , recorded by peter jöback on his 2000 album only when i breathe , 1 as well as released as a single the same year .	life is a pop rock song written by ana johnsson , jörgen elofsson , mathias venge , and pontus wennerberg and recorded by the pop rock singer ana johnsson ( as ana ) .	pop song is a song by the english singer-songwriter david sylvian .	it must have been love is a song written by per gessle and performed by the swedish pop duo roxette .	sommartider , written by per gessle , is the song that throughout the years has become considered the signature song for swedish pop group gyllene tider .	funtime is a song written by david bowie and iggy pop , first released by iggy pop on his 1977 album entitled the idiot .	nightclubbing is a song written by david bowie and iggy pop , 1 2 3 first released by iggy pop on his debut solo studio album , the idiot in 1977 .	who 's david is a song by british pop punk band busted .	'' älskade ängel '' is a song , written by per johan widestrand and recorded by lill-babs .	baby get away is an pop song written by david most , michael burns and steve glen and recorded by australian pop singer christie allen .	il sole esiste per tutti is a song by singer tiziano ferro .
you sure love to ball is a song released by american recording artist marvin gaye .	if i could build my whole world around you is a popular song recorded by marvin gaye and tammi terrell in 1967 and released in november 14 , 1967 .	got to give it up is a song by american music artist marvin gaye .	come get to this is a song written and recorded by american recording artist marvin gaye .	your precious love is a popular song that was a 1967 hit for motown singers marvin gaye and tammi terrell .	if this world were mine is a 1967 song by soul music duo marvin gaye and tammi terrell from their album united .	my last chance is a song by american recording artist marvin gaye .	just to keep you satisfied is a song by soul singer marvin gaye .	heavy love affair is a funk song recorded by american soul singer marvin gaye .	if i should die tonight is a song written by songwriter ed townsend and american recording artist marvin gaye .	hitch hike is a 1962 song by marvin gaye , released on the tamla label .	stubborn kind of fellow is a 1962 song recorded by marvin gaye for the tamla label .	lucky , lucky me is a song recorded by singer marvin gaye and produced by ivy jo hunter .	i want to come home for christmas is a holiday song recorded by marvin gaye in 1972 .	beechwood 4-5789 is a song written by marvin gaye , william `` mickey '' stevenson and george gordy .	marvin gaye is the debut single recorded by american singer charlie puth featuring american singer-songwriter meghan trainor .	is that enough is a 1977 song recorded by american soul singer marvin gaye .	let 's get it on is the thirteenth studio album by american singer and songwriter marvin gaye .	time to get it together is a 1978 song recorded by marvin gaye and issued on marvin 's 1978 album , here , my dear .	i do n't need no doctor is an r b song written by nick ashford , valerie simpson , and jo armstead .
iron fist is a song by the british heavy metal band motörhead .	no class is a song by the british heavy metal band motörhead .	i got mine is a song by the british heavy metal band motörhead .	bomber is a song by the english heavy metal band motörhead , recorded and released in 1979 ( see 1979 in music ) .	shine is a song by the british heavy metal band motörhead taken from the another perfect day album and released in 1983 on 7 '' and 12 '' vinyl .	eat the rich is a song by british heavy metal band motörhead .	fuel is a song by american heavy metal band metallica .	do n't let daddy kiss me is a song by the british heavy metal band motörhead .	ark of suffering is a song by the american thrash metal band tourniquet .	for whom the bell tolls is a song by american thrash metal band metallica .	madhouse is a song by the american thrash metal band anthrax .	hardwired is a song by heavy metal band metallica .	ace of spades is a song by english heavy metal band motörhead , released in 1980 as a single and the title track to the album ace of spades .	whiplash is a song by american heavy metal band metallica .	raining blood is a song by the american thrash metal band slayer .	peace sells is a song by the american thrash metal band megadeth from the 1986 album peace sells .	voices is a song by american heavy metal band disturbed .	fallen is a song by danish heavy metal band , volbeat .	stupify is a song by american heavy metal band disturbed .	the conjuring is a song by american thrash metal band megadeth from their 1986 album peace sells .
you and me is a song recorded by english singer-songwriter damon albarn for his solo studio album everyday robots .	workaholic is a song recorded by dutch eurodance band 2 unlimited .	1900 yesterday is a song released in 1970 by liz damon 's orient express .	tko is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter justin timberlake for his fourth studio album , the 20/20 experience -- 2 of 2 ( 2013 ) .	take back the night is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter justin timberlake for his fourth studio album , the 20/20 experience -- 2 of 2 ( 2013 ) .	blue moon is a song written , 3 2 produced 2 and performed by beck , issued as the lead single from his twelfth studio album morning phase .	wave is a song written , 1 2 produced 2 and performed by beck , issued as the first promotional single from his twelfth studio album morning phase .	riot is a song by american hip hop recording artist 2 chainz .	look right through is a song by american record producer storm queen , vocals by damon c. scott .	beautiful life 1 2 is a lydia canaan song .	calm down is a song by american rapper busta rhymes , released as the third single from his upcoming tenth studio album , e.l.e. 2 ( extinction level event 2 ) .	2 phones is a song by american rapper kevin gates .	flickorna på tv 2 ( the girls on tv 2 ) became one of swedish pop group gyllene tider 's early hit songs .	tribal dance is a song recorded by dutch eurodance band 2 unlimited .	2 hearts is a song by toto .	2 hearts 1 love is a song by english boy band 911 .	u got 2 let the music is a song by italian group cappella and is taken from their album u got 2 know .	it 's a vibe is a song by american rapper 2 chainz .	never surrender is a song recorded by dutch eurodance band 2 unlimited .	good drank is a song by american rapper 2 chainz .
autumn almanac is a song written by ray davies and recorded by the rock group the kinks in 1967 .	victoria is a song written by ray davies of the kinks .	strangers is a song written by dave davies and performed by british rock group the kinks .	hold my hand is a song and single recorded and written by dave davies , who is best known as the guitarist for the british rock group the kinks .	destroyer is a song by british rock band the kinks , written by ray davies .	sunny afternoon is a song by the kinks , written by chief songwriter ray davies .	shangri-la is a song written by ray davies of the kinks .	wonderboy is a pop song , written by ray davies and recorded by the kinks in 1968 .	plastic man is a song written by ray davies and recorded by the kinks in 1969 .	she 's got everything is a song written by ray davies and released by the kinks .	sitting by the riverside is a song by the british rock band the kinks , written by their main songwriter ray davies .	got to be free is a song written by ray davies and performed by british rock band the kinks .	god 's children is a song written by ray davies and performed by the kinks .	god 's children is a song written by ray davies and performed by the kinks .	lincoln county is a song by british musician dave davies , who is best known as the guitarist for the rock band the kinks .	susannah 's still alive is a song by the british rock group the kinks , composed and sung by their guitarist dave davies .	you really got me is a song written by ray davies for english rock band the kinks .	stop your sobbing is a song written by ray davies for the kinks ' debut album , kinks .	set me free is a song by ray davies , released first by the kinks in 1965 .	rats is a song written by dave davies and performed by the kinks on their album lola versus powerman and the moneygoround , part one .
shape of you is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	eraser is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran from his third studio album ÷ ( 2017 ) .	perfect is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran from his third studio album , ÷ ( 2017 ) .	sing is a song by english singer-songwriter , ed sheeran .	new man is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran from his third studio album ÷ ( 2017 ) .	galway girl is a song recorded by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	dive is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	give me love is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	lego house is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	castle on the hill is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	tenerife sea is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	the a team is the debut single by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	the man is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	drunk is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	nancy mulligan is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	all of the stars is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	happier is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	supermarket flowers is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	for your love is a song written and performed by ed townsend .	scene in san francisco is a song by the american singer-songwriter ed hale .
jumbo is a song released by the bee gees , written by barry , robin maurice gibb .	words is a song by the bee gees , written by barry , robin maurice gibb .	kitty can is a song by the bee gees , composed by barry , robin maurice gibb .	i still love you is a song by the bee gees primarily written by barry , robin maurice gibb .	only one woman is a song and the first single by english duo the marbles , written by barry , robin and maurice gibb of the bee gees .	tomorrow tomorrow is a song by the bee gees written by barry and maurice gibb .	spicks and specks is a song by the bee gees , written by barry gibb .	i am the world is a song recorded by the bee gees , written and sung by robin gibb .	more than a woman is a song by the bee gees , written by barry , robin , and maurice gibb 2 for the soundtrack to the film saturday night fever .	emotion is a song written by barry and robin gibb .	close another door is a song written by barry , robin and maurice gibb and recorded by the bee gees , initially on their 1967 album bee gees ' 1st and later as the b-side of `` to love somebody '' .	every christian lion hearted man will show you is a song written by barry , robin maurice gibb released by the bee gees in 1967 on their album bee gees ' 1st .	and the sun will shine is a song by the british rock band bee gees , it was written by barry gibb , robin gibb and maurice gibb and released in february 1968 on the album horizontal .	tragedy is a song released by the bee gees , written by barry , robin maurice gibb , included on their 1979 album spirits having flown .	you win again is a 1987 song written by barry , robin maurice gibb and performed by the bee gees .	we lost the road is a song by the bee gees , it was written by barry gibb and robin gibb and was released on their 1972 album to whom it may concern .	melody fair is a song by the bee gees , written by barry , robin maurice gibb in 1968 and released in 1969 on their album odessa .	marley purt drive is a song recorded by the bee gees , it was written by barry , robin maurice gibb and released in march 1969 on the album odessa .	my lover 's prayer is a song performed by the bee gees , written by barry gibb , robin gibb and maurice gibb , and was released in 1997 on the album still waters .	irresistible force is a song by the bee gees , released in march 1997 on their album still waters , this song was written by barry gibb , robin gibb and maurice gibb .
house on fire is a song by the american punk rock band rise against .	hero of war is a 2008 song by rise against from the album appeal to reason .	tragedy + time is a song by american punk rock band rise against .	give it all is a song by american rock band rise against .	swing life away is a song by american rock band rise against .	the violence is a song by american punk rock band rise against .	i do n't want to be here anymore is a song by american punk rock band rise against .	prayer of the refugee is a song by american rock band rise against , featured on their fourth studio album the sufferer the witness ( 2006 ) .	satellite is a song by american rock band rise against , featured on their sixth studio album endgame ( 2011 ) .	333 is a song by the punk rock band against me !	haunting , haunted , haunts is a song by the punk rock band against me !	wait for me is a song by american rock band rise against , featured on their sixth studio album endgame ( 2011 ) .	help is on the way is a song by american rock band rise against , featured on their sixth studio album endgame ( 2011 ) .	rise is a song by american singer katy perry .	rise is a song by english singer gabrielle .	rise shine is a song by the cardigans .	rise today is a song by american hard rock band alter bridge .	man against the world is a song by american rock band survivor .	against the wall is a song by rock band seether .	against the wind is a song by bob seger the silver bullet band from the 1980 album against the wind .
september is a song by the american funk band earth , wind fire .	weekend is a song by dutch band earth and fire .	devotion is a 1974 song by r b band earth , wind fire , which was written by maurice white and philip bailey .	evil is a song by r b band earth , wind fire which was written by philip bailey and maurice white .	i think about lovin ' you is a song by the band earth , wind fire released as a single in 1971 by warner bros .	wan na be with you is a song by r b band earth , wind fire .	shining star is a 1975 song by earth , wind fire from their album that 's the way of the world .	let 's groove is a song by the american band earth , wind fire from their eleventh studio album raise !	thinking of you is a song by r b band earth , wind fire released in 1988 on columbia records as a single from their album touch the world .	pure gold is a song by the band earth , wind fire from their 2005 studio album , illumination .	i 've had enough is a song by american band earth , wind fire , which was written by philip bailey , greg phillinganes and brenda russell .	that 's the way of the world is a song recorded by the band earth , wind fire , released as single in june 1975 on columbia records .	kalimba story is a song by r b band earth , wind fire , released as the second single from their album , open our eyes , in 1974 on columbia records .	i love the sound of breaking glass is a song written by nick lowe , andrew bodnar , and steve goulding and performed by lowe .	808 is an r b song released in 1999 by american r b girl group , blaque .	funk it up is a song recorded by japanese r b singer toshinobu kubota for his eighth studio album , sunshine , moonlight ( 1995 ) .	i do is an r b song released in 1999 by the american r b vocal trio , blaque .	i 'm good is an r b song released in 2004 by american r b vocal trio , blaque .	baby , be mine is an r b song by the american r b singer miki howard .	same girl is a song released by r b singer r. kelly , from his 2007 album double up , with r b singer , usher .
private dancer is a song by american recording artist tina turner .	open arms is a song by american recording artist tina turner .	typical male is a song recorded by american singer tina turner .	slave to the music is a song by the dutch eurodance group twenty 4 seven .	two people is a song by recording artist tina turner .	whatever you need is a song by american recording artist tina turner .	is it love is a song by the dutch group twenty 4 seven .	foreign affair is a song by recording artist tina turner .	complicated disaster is a song that was recorded by rock singer tina turner .	when the heartache is over is a song by american recording artist tina turner .	look me in the heart is a song by recording artist tina turner .	be tender with me baby is a song by recording artist tina turner .	break every rule is a song by recording artist tina turner .	we are the world is a song recorded by the dutch group twenty 4 seven .	steamy windows is a song by tina turner .	keep on tryin ' is a song recorded by the dutch band twenty 4 seven .	on silent wings is a song by tina turner with guest vocals from sting .	one of the living is a 1985 song by tina turner .	take me away is a 1994 song recorded by the dutch group twenty 4 seven .	sexy ida ( part 1 ) is a soul blues song written by tina turner and released as a single by ike tina turner in 1974 .
rap god is a song by american rapper eminem .	how come is a song by the american rap group d12 .	kran turismo is a song by a finnish rap duo jvg .	rap song is a song by r b singer t-pain .	drive slow is a song by american rap artist kanye west .	rollout ( my business ) is a hip-hop song , of the dirty rap and comedy rap types , performed by ludacris .	express yourself is a song written by charles wright and performed by charles wright the watts 103rd street rhythm band .	moneytalks is a song written by malcolm and angus young and produced by bruce fairbairn for the hard rock band ac/dc .	butterfly is a song by american rap rock band crazy town .	rap das armas ( english : rap of weapons ) is a 1990s song originally written and performed by brazilian duo junior e leonardo .	presidential is a song by rap duo youngbloodz .	hail caesar is a song by the australian rock band ac/dc , which was written by members and brothers , angus and malcolm young .	love land is a song written by charles wright and don trotter and performed by charles wright the watts 103rd street rhythm band .	murder rap is a song by american gangsta rap group above the law , released as a single on february 8 , 1990 .	talkin ' ` bout you is a song written by ray charles .	by and by is a song by charles albert tindley .	do your thing is a song written by charles wright and performed by charles wright the watts 103rd street rhythm band .	shake your foundations is a song and single by australian hard rock band ac/dc , written by angus and malcolm young and brian johnson .	black night is a 1951 blues song by charles brown .	here and now is a 1989 song by american recording artist luther vandross , and written by : david l. elliott , terry steele , and charles `` casino `` white .
a dream is a song by debarge .	dance all night is a song by debarge released as the first single from their fifth studio album bad boys .	stay with me is a song by debarge , issued on their acclaimed album , in a special way .	i got you babe is a song recorded by r b group debarge and released as the second single from their fifth studio album , bad boys .	my chico is a song by italian singer sabrina .	why r u is a song performed by american r b singer amerie .	808 is an r b song released in 1999 by american r b girl group , blaque .	i wan na be the only one is a song by british r b girl group eternal and american r b and gospel singer bebe winans .	honey love a song by american r b singer r. kelly and american r b group public announcement .	holler is a song by r b singer ginuwine .	the grammy award for best r b song ( sometimes known as the r b songwriter 's award ) has been awarded since 1969 .	stingy is a song by r b singer ginuwine .	i do is an r b song released in 1999 by the american r b vocal trio , blaque .	u already know is a r b song recorded by american r b band 112 for their fifth studio album pleasure pain ( 2005 ) .	i 'm good is an r b song released in 2004 by american r b vocal trio , blaque .	bad habits is an r b song by american r b singer maxwell .	baby , be mine is an r b song by the american r b singer miki howard .	come home to me is an r b song by american r b singer miki howard .	just right for me is a r b song by american r b recording artist monica , featuring guest vocals from rapper lil wayne .	same girl is a song released by r b singer r. kelly , from his 2007 album double up , with r b singer , usher .
in 100 years ... is a song by german pop group modern talking .	china in her eyes is a song by german music group modern talking .	do n't take away my heart is a song by german musical group modern talking .	no face , no name , no number is a song from modern talking 's ninth album , year of the dragon .	witchqueen of eldorado is a song from the modern talking tenth album , america , from 2001 .	ready for the victory is a song by modern talking .	win the race is a song by german musical group modern talking .	last exit to brooklyn is a song by german musical group modern talking .	modern soul is a song by english singer james blake .	modern love is a song written and recorded by english singer-songwriter david bowie .	faster is a song by matt nathanson recorded for his album modern love .	holy word is a song by australian band i 'm talking .	beatnik is a synthpop song by the british synthpop group the buggles released in 1982 as the album 's fifth single from their second and final album adventures in modern recording .	miss etta james : the complete modern and kent recordings is a compilation album of songs by etta james recorded for the modern and kent labels .	e talking is a song by belgian electronic music duo soulwax .	modern day cowboy is a song by the american hard rock band tesla .	blind is a song by american rock band talking heads .	better start talking is a song by american singer donell jones .	better start talking is a song by american singer donell jones .	the rhythm divine is a 1987 song by boris blank , dieter meier , and billy mackenzie .
saved is a song by american experimental rock band swans .	fallin ' in love is a song recorded and released by the trio of hamilton , joe frank reynolds .	2am is a song by american experimental rock band bear hands .	marathon man is a song by american experimental rock band bear hands .	laserlight is a song by british singer-songwriter jessie j featuring french dj david guetta , taken from the re-release edition of jessie j 's debut studio album , who you are .	agora is a song by american experimental rock band bear hands .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	industrial disease is a song by british rock band dire straits , written by mark knopfler .	diary is a song written and produced by david gates , which was released by his band bread in 1972 , as a single and on the album baby i 'm - a want you .	the night is still young is a single by rock singer billy joel released as a new song from his greatest hits album greatest hits - volume i and ii .	giants is a song by american experimental rock band bear hands .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	atlas is a song by the american experimental rock band battles .	welcome to this world is a song by the american experimental rock band primus , from their 1993 album , pork soda .	champion sound is a song by english big beat musician fatboy slim from his compilation album the greatest hits - why try harder .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	cherry , cherry is a song written , composed , and recorded in february - march 1966 by american musician neil diamond .	luck is a song written by zachary barnett , david rublin , matthew sanchez and james shelley of american indie rock band american authors , co-written with producers aaron accetta and shep goodman .	that 's why god made the radio is a song written by joe thomas , brian wilson , jim peterik , and larry millas for the american rock band the beach boys .
my lucky day is a song written and recorded by bruce springsteen .	stolen car is a song written and performed by bruce springsteen .	independence day is a song written and performed by bruce springsteen .	human touch is a song recorded by the american rock singer bruce springsteen .	protection is a song written by bruce springsteen for donna summer .	rocky ground is a song written and recorded by american musician bruce springsteen .	darkness on the edge of town is a song by american rock singer/songwriter bruce springsteen .	sad eyes is a song written and performed by bruce springsteen .	lonesome day is a song written by bruce springsteen and initially performed by springsteen and the e street band .	she 's the one is a song by bruce springsteen .	atlantic city is a song recorded by bruce springsteen , which first appeared on springsteen 's 1982 solo album nebraska .	nebraska is the title song of bruce springsteen 's 1982 solo album .	land of hope and dreams is a 1999 song written by bruce springsteen and performed by springsteen and the e street band .	open all night is a song written and recorded by rock musician bruce springsteen , which first appeared on springsteen 's 1982 solo album nebraska .	the ghost of tom joad is a folk rock song written by bruce springsteen .	johnny 99 is a song written and recorded by rock musician bruce springsteen , which first appeared on springsteen 's 1982 solo album nebraska .	darlington county is a 1984 song written and performed by bruce springsteen .	point blank is a song written by bruce springsteen and first released on springsteen 's 1980 album the river .	cadillac ranch is a song written by bruce springsteen that was first released on springsteen 's 1980 album the river .	lost in the flood is a song by bruce springsteen .
wild honey is a song by the rock band u2 .	wild honey is a song written by brian wilson and mike love for the american rock band the beach boys .	a little bit me , a little bit you is a song by neil diamond that was released by the monkees in 1967 ( see 1967 in music ) .	may this be love is a song by the jimi hendrix experience , released on may 12 , 1967 , on the band 's debut album are you experienced .	sunshine of your love is a 1967 song by the british rock band cream .	she 's goin ' bald is a song written by brian wilson , mike love , and van dyke parks for the beach boys ' 1967 album , smiley smile .	you 're so pretty - we 're so pretty is a song by british band the charlatans ( known in the united states as the charlatans uk ) .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	18 and life is a song by american heavy metal band skid row .	cherry , cherry is a song written , composed , and recorded in february - march 1966 by american musician neil diamond .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	sweet nothing is a song by scottish recording artist and record producer calvin harris from his third studio album , 18 months ( 2012 ) .	i need your love is a song by scottish producer and dj calvin harris from his third studio album , 18 months ( 2012 ) .	fake love is a song recorded by south korean group bts , released on may 18 , 2018 by big hit entertainment as the lead single from their third studio album love yourself : tear ( 2018 ) .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .	i hate december ( stylized as `` i hate december '' ) is a song by american band ivy , released on january 12 , 1996 by scratchie records .	18 til i die is a rock song written by bryan adams , and robert john `` mutt '' lange for adams seventh studio recorded album 18 til i die ( 1996 ) .	bad reputation is a song by the american hard rock band adelitas way , released on december 18 , 2015 .	candy is a song from paolo nutini which was released on 18 may 2009 .
snapshot is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist sylvia .	heart on the mend is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist sylvia .	years is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .	sweet yesterday is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan and recorded by american country music artist sylvia .	like nothing ever happened is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist sylvia .	nobody is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist sylvia .	'' ` the best of strangers '' is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .	'' ` in times like these '' is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .	wish you were here is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .	'' ` operator , long distance please '' is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .	sleeping single in a double bed is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .	'' ` love is fair '' is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .	i was country when country was n't cool is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .	crackers is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .	kansas city lights is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist steve wariner .	fooled by a feeling is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .	all roads lead to you is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist steve wariner .	smoky mountain rain is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music singer ronnie milsap .	i would n't have missed it for the world is a song written by charles quillen , kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music singer ronnie milsap .	easy to please is a song written by kent robbins and kye fleming , and recorded by american country music artist janie fricke .
praying for time is a song written and performed by george michael , released on epic records in the uk and columbia records in the us in 1990 .	fantasy is a song by american singer and songwriter mariah carey from her fifth album daydream ( 1995 ) , released on september 12 , 1995 by columbia records as the lead single from the album .	the ship song is a song written by nick cave ( lyrics and music ) , 1 originally performed by nick cave and the bad seeds on their 1990 the good son album .	this house is a 1990 1 song by american singer -- songwriter tracie spencer .	d-o-g me out is a song by the american r b group guy recorded for their second studio album the future ( 1990 ) .	it never rains ( in southern california ) is a 1990 song recorded by the american r b group tony !	it seems like you 're ready is a song by musician r. kelly , 1 on his debut solo studio album titled 12 play .	saved is the 20th studio album by american singer-songwriter bob dylan , released on june 23 , 1980 , by columbia records .	last song is a single released by gackt on november 12 , 2003 .	phantoms ca n't hang is a song by canadian electronic music producer deadmau5 , released as the fourth and final single from his seventh studio album while ( 1 2 ) on 10 june 2014 .	notion is a song by australian alternative rock artist tash sultana , released on 17 june 2016 1 as the second single from sultana 's extended play notion ( 2016 ) .	infra turbo pigcart racer is a song by canadian electronic music producer deadmau5 , released as the third single from his seventh studio album while ( 1 2 ) on 3 june 2014 .	memoria ( spanish : memory ) is a song by argentine group erreway from their third album memoria , released on 1 june 2004 ( see 2004 in music ) .	sweet emotion is a song by the american rock band aerosmith , released by columbia records in april 1975 on the album toys in the attic 1 and was released as a single a month later on may 19 .	thinking of you is a song by r b band earth , wind fire released in 1988 on columbia records as a single from their album touch the world .	soul love is a song written by david bowie and recorded on 12 november 1971 2 that appeared as the second track on his album the rise and fall of ziggy stardust and the spiders from mars , released on 16 june 1972 .	attitude is a song by suede , released on 6 october 2003 on columbia records .	that 's the way of the world is a song recorded by the band earth , wind fire , released as single in june 1975 on columbia records .	kalimba story is a song by r b band earth , wind fire , released as the second single from their album , open our eyes , in 1974 on columbia records .	in the night is the third studio album by american r b singer and songwriter cheryl lynn , released on columbia records in april 1981 .
not now john is a song by the progressive rock band pink floyd , written by roger waters .	the gunner 's dream is a song from pink floyd 's 1983 album the final cut .	southampton dock is a song from pink floyd 's 1983 album , the final cut .	paranoid eyes is a song from pink floyd 's 1983 album the final cut .	hello ( i love you ) is a song performed by former pink floyd member roger waters .	crying song is a song composed by roger waters , bassist of the british rock group pink floyd .	the fletcher memorial home is a song by roger waters , performed by pink floyd .	what god wants , part i is the first song in a series of songs written and released by former pink floyd bassist , roger waters on his third solo album , amused to death .	part of me died is a song by english rock musician and former pink floyd member roger waters , and the last single as twelfth track on his fourth studio album , is this the life we really want ?	déjà vu is a song by english rock musician and former pink floyd member roger waters , and the second track on his fourth solo studio album , is this the life we really want ?	smell the roses is a song by english rock musician and former pink floyd member roger waters , and the ninth track on his fifth studio album , is this the life we really want ?	free four is a song by the english rock band pink floyd , written by roger waters and released on the band 's 1972 album obscured by clouds .	animate is a song by canadian progressive rock band rush .	waters rising is a song written and performed by the american rock band alter bridge .	sole survivor is a song by progressive rock band asia .	om is a song by the british progressive rock band the moody blues that was released in july 1968 as the final track of their album in search of the lost chord .	cut you in is a song by american rock musician jerry cantrell .	cut your teeth is a song by british singer kyla la grange .	cut your ribbon is a song by american rock band sparta .	cut the cord is a song by american rock band shinedown .
hard act to follow is a song by australian rock band grinspoon and was released as the lead single from their fourth studio album thrills , kills sunday pills .	no reason is a song by grinspoon .	lost control is a song by grinspoon .	minute by minute is a song by grinspoon and is the third single from the studio album alibis other lies .	ready 1 is a song by australian alternative metal group grinspoon which was released 18 october 1999 as the lead single from their second studio album , easy .	kansas city bomber is a song by phil ochs , a u.s .	a long walk is a song released in 2001 by american recording artist jill scott , from her debut studio album , who is jill scott ?	shadows of the night is a song released by american rock singer pat benatar .	nite flights is a song written by american singer-songwriter scott walker under his given name scott engel .	bwatue is a song by phil ochs , a u.s .	love me , i 'm a liberal is a satirical song by phil ochs , a u.s .	all of the dreamers is an alternative rock song recorded by australian alternative rock band powderfinger .	antidote is a song by american rapper travis scott .	hell is for children is a song by american rock singer pat benatar .	hit me with your best shot is a song by american rock singer pat benatar .	in the middle of a heartache ' is a song written by laurie christenson , pat franzese , and wanda jackson .	yesterday 's news is a song by alternative country band whiskeytown , co-written by ryan adams and phil wandscher .	long time gone is a country song by darrell scott , originally recorded by him on his 2000 album real time which scott recorded together with tim o'brien .	kokomo is a song written by john phillips , scott mckenzie , mike love , and terry melcher and recorded by american rock band the beach boys .	bend me , shape me is a song written by scott english and larry weiss .
life in harmony ( stylized as `` life in harmony '' ) is a song recorded by japanese singer misia for her tenth studio album , soul quest .	two divided by love is a 1971 hit song by the grass roots .	from zero to hero is a song by german recording artist sarah connor .	real love is a song by the german recording artist sarah connor .	harmony in my head is a song by buzzcocks .	harmony hall is a song by american indie pop band vampire weekend .	harmony korine is a song by english musician , songwriter and music producer steven wilson .	harmony is a 1979 song by suzi lane from the album ooh , la , la .	temptation eyes is a 1970 hit song by the grass roots .	sooner or later is a 1971 hit song by the grass roots .	secret o ' life is a song written by james taylor that first appeared on his 1977 album jt .	cold as ice is a song by german recording artist sarah connor .	o ' sailor is a song written by american singer fiona apple and recorded for her third album extraordinary machine ( 2005 ) .	green grass and high tides is a song by the southern rock band outlaws .	strange relationship is a song from american musician prince 's 1987 double album , sign o ' the times .	cassy o is a single by british singer-songwriter george ezra .	o me voy o te vas ( `` either i 'll go or you 'll go '' ) is a song written and recorded by marco antonio solís .	in the land o ' yamo yamo is a world war i song written in 1917 .	a dose of rock 'n' roll is a song written by carl groszman , who at the time was signed to ringo starr 's record label , ring o ' records .	sweet child o ' mine is a song by american rock band guns n ' roses , appearing on their debut album , appetite for destruction .
grass is a song written by colin moulding of the english rock band xtc , released as the lead single from their 1986 album skylarking .	the meeting place is a song written by colin moulding of the english rock band xtc , released on their 1986 album skylarking .	changes is a song by black sabbath .	when i said i do is a song written by american country music singer clint black , and recorded by black and his wife lisa hartman black as a duet .	little black submarines is a song by american rock band the black keys .	heartbeat is a song written by colin newman and originally recorded and released in 1978 by the english rock band wire on their second album chairs missing .	black is black is a song recorded by canadian country music artist amanda stott .	the devil cried is a song by heavy metal band black sabbath featured on the compilation black sabbath : the dio years .	black blue is a song performed by swedish indie pop band miike snow .	sarah is a pop song released in 1979 by irish rock group thin lizzy , included on their album , black rose : a rock legend .	bleu noir ( `` blue black '' ) is a 2010 song by french pop musician mylène farmer .	king for a day is a song written by colin moulding of the english rock band xtc , released on their 1989 album oranges lemons .	generals and majors is a song written by colin moulding of the english rock band xtc , released as the first single from their 1980 album black sea .	outdoor miner is a song written by colin newman and graham lewis , and performed by the english post-punk band wire .	the wizard is a song by the british heavy metal band black sabbath , taken from their 1970 album black sabbath .	killin ' time is a song written by hayden nicholas and american country music artist clint black , and recorded by black .	wake up is a song written by colin moulding of the english rock band xtc , released as the opening track on their 1984 album the big express .	just came back is a song by colin james .	ball and chain is a song written by colin moulding of xtc for their 1982 album english settlement .	build me up buttercup is a song written by mike d'abo and tony macaulay , and released by the foundations in 1968 with colin young singing lead vocals .
working woman is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist rob crosby .	still burnin ' for you is a song written and recorded by american country music artist rob crosby .	meant to be is a song written by chris waters and rick bowles , and recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .	holdin ' a good hand is a song written by rob crosby and johnny few , and recorded by american country music artist lee greenwood .	hopelessly is a pop song performed by english singer rick astley and written by rob fisher and himself .	blanket on the ground is a song recorded by country music singer billie jo spears .	he left a lot to be desired is a song written by larry boone and rick bowles , and recorded by american country music group ricochet .	21 seconds is a song by uk garage act so solid crew .	higher ground is a song performed by danish singer rasmussen .	stan bowles is a song by english indie rock band the others and is featured on their debut album , the others .	country party is a song written by rick nelson and recorded by american country music artist johnny lee .	nothin ' new under the moon is a song written tom shapiro , josh leo and rick bowles , and recorded by american country music artist leann rimes .	southern cross is a song written by stephen stills , rick curtis , and michael curtis and performed by the rock band crosby , stills nash .	triple threat is a song recorded by canadian country music artist rick tippe .	the craziest thing is a song recorded by canadian country music artist rick tippe .	move right out is a pop -- soul song performed by english singer rick astley and written by astley and rob fisher .	solid gold is a song by dionne warwick , written by dean pitchford .	shiver 'n' shake is a song recorded by canadian country music artist rick tippe .	solid gold easy action is a song by t. rex , written by marc bolan .	breaking new ground is a song written by carl jackson and jerry salley , and recorded by american country music group wild rose .
psycho circus is a song by the american hard rock band kiss .	say yeah is a song by the american hard rock band kiss .	rocket ride is a song by the american hard rock band kiss .	she is a song by american hard rock group kiss .	unholy is a song by the american hard rock band kiss , written by gene simmons and vinnie vincent .	deuce is a song by the american hard rock band kiss , written by bassist and vocalist gene simmons .	christine sixteen is a song by american hard rock band kiss .	killer is a song by the american hard rock band kiss .	flaming youth is a song by the american rock band kiss .	cold gin is a song by the american hard rock group kiss .	goin ' blind is a song by american hard rock band kiss , written by gene simmons and stephen coronel ; it is sometimes referred to as `` going blind '' .	forever is a song by the american rock band kiss .	never enough is a song by the american hard rock band kiss .	kiss kiss kiss is a song by japanese singer yoko ono .	strutter is a song by the american hard rock band kiss , released in 1974 on their self-titled debut album , kiss .	kiss this is a song by english rock band the struts .	first kiss is a song by american singer-songwriter kid rock from his tenth studio album , first kiss ( 2015 ) .	snowbird is a song by the canadian songwriter gene maclellan .	sweet gene vincent is a song and single by ian dury .	dangerous is a song by the doobie brothers , from their 1991 album brotherhood with patrick simmons singing the lead vocal .
how to fall in love ( part 1 ) is a song by the bee gees .	soldier is a song by erykah badu released as the second single from her fifth album , new amerykah part one ( 4th world war ) .	empire state of mind ( part ii ) broken down is a song by american musician alicia keys from her fourth studio album the element of freedom ( 2009 ) .	lusin ( english : `` moon '' ) is a song by armenian musicians garik papoyan and sona rubenyan .	honey is a song by erykah badu , released on december 11 , 2007 , as the lead single from her 2008 album new amerykah part one ( 4th world war ) .	'' ( evening ) time to get away '' ( sometimes referred to as simply `` time to get away '' ) is part of a song from the moody blues 1967 album days of future passed , a concept album with each song representing a part of the day .	that part ( stylized as `` that part '' ) is a song by american hip hop recording artist schoolboy q .	sadeness ( part i ) is a song by german musical project enigma .	ilaya nila ( young moon ) is a song composed by ilaiyaraaja 1 as a part of the soundtrack for the 1982 tamil-language film payanangal mudivathillai .	sadeness ( part ii ) is a song by a german musical project called enigma .	map of the world ( part ii ) is a song by the canadian singer/songwriter jane siberry .	mea culpa ( part ii ) is a song by german musical project enigma .	every little part of me is a song by english recording artist , alesha dixon .	being a girl ( or `` being a girl ( part one ) '' ) is a song by the english alternative rock band mansun .	novo ( english : new ) is a song by italian singer laura pausini featuring the brazilian duo simone simaria , making part of the album fatti sentire by laura .	sexy ida ( part 1 ) is a soul blues song written by tina turner and released as a single by ike tina turner in 1974 .	i hate this part is a song by american girl group the pussycat dolls from their second album , doll domination ( 2008 ) .	salsoul nugget ( if u wan na ) is a dance song by british production duo m s as part of their musical project the girl next door .	'' ( shake , shake , shake ) shake your booty '' is a song recorded and released in 1976 by kc and the sunshine band for the album part 3 .	bustin ' loose ( part 1 ) was a hit song for chuck brown the soul searchers .
work that is a song by american recording artist mary j. blige .	whole damn year is a song by american singer mary j. blige .	thick of it is a song by american recording artist mary j. blige .	suitcase is a song by american recording artist mary j. blige .	your child is a song by mary j. blige , released as the fourth u.s .	family affair is a song by american singer mary j. blige .	just fine is a song by the american recording artist mary j. blige .	you remind me is a song by american singer mary j. blige .	be without you is a song by american recording artist mary j. blige .	you bring me joy is a song performed by american r b singer-songwriter mary j. blige .	deep inside is a song by american r b singer-songwriter mary j. blige .	right now is a song by american singer mary j. blige .	set me free is a song recorded by american singer mary j. blige .	doubt is a song by american singer mary j. blige .	therapy is a song by american singer mary j. blige .	rainy dayz is a song by american recording artist mary j. blige featuring additional vocals by rapper ja rule .	everything is a 1997 song by r b singer mary j. blige .	mighty river is a 2017 song performed by mary j. blige .	love is all we need is a 1997 song by r b singer mary j. blige .	chin check is a song by n.w.a featuring snoop dogg .
guitars , cadillacs is a song written and recorded by american country music artist dwight yoakam .	pocket of a clown is a song written and recorded by american country music artist dwight yoakam .	please , please baby is a song written and recorded by american country music artist dwight yoakam .	fast as you is a song written and recorded by american country music artist dwight yoakam .	the heart that you own is a song written and recorded by american country music artist dwight yoakam .	little ways is a song written and recorded by american country music artist dwight yoakam .	i got you is a song written and recorded by american country music artist dwight yoakam .	you 're the one is a song written and recorded by american country music artist dwight yoakam .	a thousand miles from nowhere is a song written and recorded by american country music artist dwight yoakam .	nothing is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dwight yoakam .	it wo n't hurt is a song written and recorded by american country music artist dwight yoakam .	what do you know about love is a song written and recorded by american country music artist dwight yoakam .	i sang dixie is a song written and recorded by american country music artist dwight yoakam .	things change is a song written and recorded by american country music artist dwight yoakam .	try not to look so pretty is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dwight yoakam .	chug-a-lug is a song written and recorded by american country music artist roger miller .	engine engine # 9 is a song written and recorded by american country music artist roger miller .	nothing 's changed here is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist dwight yoakam .	turn it on , turn it up , turn me loose is a song written by kostas and wayland patton , and recorded by american country music artist dwight yoakam .	king of the road is a song written and originally recorded in november 1964 by country singer roger miller .
a horse with no name is a song written by dewey bunnell , and originally recorded by the folk rock band america .	amber cascades is a song written by dewey bunnell and performed by america .	america ( i love america ) is a song by full intention .	tin man is a 1974 song by the pop rock band america .	you can do magic is a song by singer-songwriter russ ballard which was recorded as a 1982 single by folk rock duo america from their album view from the ground .	fake is a song written and recorded by british soft rock group simply red .	25 minutes is a song by the danish soft rock band michael learns to rock .	sailing is a 1980 soft rock song written and recorded by american artist christopher cross .	over my head is a soft rock song performed by american music group fleetwood mac .	love takes time is a popular song by the rock and soft rock band orleans .	paint my love is a song by danish soft rock band michael learns to rock .	rainbow is a song written and performed by russ hamilton .	amie is a song recorded by the american soft rock group pure prairie league .	muskrat love is a soft rock song written by willis alan ramsey .	man on your mind is a song by australian soft rock band little river band .	broken heroes is a 1988 song by english soft rock musician chris norman .	no dream impossible was the united kingdom entry for the eurovision song contest 2001 , written by russ ballard and chris winter and performed by lindsay dracass .	the other guy is a song by australian soft rock band little river band .	farmer john is a song written by don `` sugarcane '' harris and dewey terry , and first recorded by the two as the american r b duo don and dewey , in 1959 .	all i really want is a song written by alanis morissette and glen ballard , and produced by ballard for morissette 's third album , jagged little pill ( 1995 ) .
holy grail is a song by american hip hop artist jay-z from his twelfth studio album magna carta holy grail .	heaven is a song recorded by american rapper jay-z for his twelfth studio album magna carta holy grail ( 2013 ) , featuring american recording artist justin timberlake .	tom ford is a song by american hip hop artist jay-z from his twelfth studio album magna carta holy grail ( 2013 ) .	picasso baby is a song by american hip hop artist jay-z from his twelfth studio album magna carta .	sorry is a song by american hip hop recording artist t.i.	sunglasses at night is a song by canadian singer corey hart .	roses is a song by american hip hop duo outkast .	holy holy is a song by david bowie , originally released as a single in january 1971 .	never surrender is a song by canadian singer corey hart .	shifftee is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	everything in my heart is a song by canadian singer corey hart .	hip hop hooray is a song by american hip hop group , naughty by nature .	changes is a hip hop song by 2pac featuring talent .	girls is a song by british hip hop group n-dubz .	react is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	slam is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	u understand is song by american hip hop artist juvenile .	corey 's coming is a song written and sung by harry chapin .	hop is back is a song by american hip hop recording artist hopsin .	me-o-mi-o is a song by american hip hop artist casual .
mother nature 's son is a song written primarily by paul mccartney ( credited to lennon -- mccartney ) and released by the beatles on the beatles ( `` the white album '' ) .	ticket to ride is a song by the english rock group the beatles , written by john lennon and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	she 's a woman is a song by the beatles , written mainly by paul mccartney and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	hello , goodbye is a song by the english rock band the beatles , written by paul mccartney and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	because is a song written by john lennon 1 ( credited to lennon -- mccartney ) and recorded by the beatles in 1969 .	and i love her is a song recorded by english rock band the beatles , written primarily by paul mccartney ( credited to lennon -- mccartney ) .	revolution is a song by the beatles , written by john lennon and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	come together is a song by the beatles written primarily by john lennon 2 and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	good night is a song by the beatles , composed by john lennon , but credited to lennon -- mccartney .	i do n't want to spoil the party is a song by the english rock band the beatles , written by john lennon and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	two of us is a 1969 song by the beatles , written by paul mccartney 1 2 ( credited to lennon -- mccartney ) .	i call your name is a song recorded by the beatles and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	lady madonna is a song by the beatles , written by paul mccartney and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	i saw her standing there is a song by the english rock band the beatles credited to paul mccartney and john lennon , but written primarily by mccartney .	all together now is a song by the beatles written primarily by paul mccartney 1 2 and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	baby 's in black is a song by the beatles , co-written by john lennon and paul mccartney .	hey jude is a song by english rock band the beatles , written by paul mccartney and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .
lemon to a knife fight is a song by british rock band the wombats .	greek tragedy is a song from indie rock band the wombats .	give me a try is a song by british indie band , the wombats .	moving to new york is a song by the liverpool band the wombats .	kill the director is a song by english indie rock band the wombats .	weapon is a song by canadian alternative rock artist matthew good .	load me up is a song by canadian rock group matthew good band .	hello , my name is is a song written and performed by contemporary christian musician , matthew west .	in a world called catastrophe is a song by canadian rock artist matthew good .	more is a song written and performed by contemporary christian musician , matthew west , from his first album , happy .	broken leg is an indie rock song written and recorded by australian indie rock band bluejuice .	orally fixated is a song by irish recording artist róisín murphy .	sow into you is an electronica song written and produced by róisín murphy and matthew herbert for murphy 's debut solo album , ruby blue , released in 2005 .	break my stride is a song performed by american recording artist matthew wilder .	superstar is a song performed by rapper lupe fiasco featuring matthew santos .	follow me is a song by the english rock band muse , written by matthew bellamy for their sixth studio album , the 2nd law .	bad sneakers is a song by jazz rock band steely dan .	feelin ' it is a song written by frank rogers and matthew west .	luck is a song written by zachary barnett , david rublin , matthew sanchez and james shelley of american indie rock band american authors , co-written with producers aaron accetta and shep goodman .	i ca n't wait is a contemporary rock song written by brooke mcclymont , christopher ward and matthew gerrard .
i never picked cotton is a song made famous by country music singer roy clark .	suddenly single is a song co-written and recorded by canadian country music artist terri clark .	three mississippi is a song recorded by canadian country music artist terri clark .	the lawrence welk-hee haw counter-revolution polka is a song made famous by country music singer roy clark .	it 's not over is a song written by mark wright and larry kingston , and recorded by american country music singer mark chesnutt .	dirty girl is a song recorded by canadian country music artist terri clark .	dumb love is a song by american recording artist sean kingston .	juliet is a song written by john hall and larry hoppen , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .	emotional girl is a song co-written and recorded by canadian country music artist terri clark .	the carpenter is a song written by guy clark , and recorded by american country music artist john conlee .	tender moment is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer lee roy parnell .	here i go again is a 1977 song by former edward bear lead singer larry evoy .	sure feels like love is a song written by larry gatlin , and recorded by american country music group larry gatlin the gatlin brothers band .	changin ' partners is a song written by larry gatlin , and recorded by american country music group larry gatlin the gatlin brothers .	denver is a song written by larry gatlin , and recorded by american country music group larry gatlin the gatlin brothers band .	no fear is a song co-written and recorded by canadian country music artist terri clark .	talkin ' to the moon is a song written by larry gatlin , and recorded by american country music group larry gatlin the gatlin brothers .	big bad john is a country song originally performed by jimmy dean , who wrote and composed in collaboration with roy acuff .	nothing but your love matters is a song written by larry gatlin , and recorded by american country music group larry gatlin the gatlin brothers .	all the gold in california is a song written by larry gatlin and recorded by american country music group larry gatlin the gatlin brothers band .
yeah is a song by american rock band lcd soundsystem .	tonite ( stylized as `` tonite '' on digital releases ) is a song by american rock band lcd soundsystem .	movement is a song by american rock band lcd soundsystem .	disco infiltrator is a song from the eponymous debut album by lcd soundsystem .	i can change is a song by american rock band lcd soundsystem .	all my friends is a song by american rock band lcd soundsystem .	drunk girls is a song by american rock band lcd soundsystem .	call the police ( stylized as `` call the police '' on digital releases ) is a song by american rock band lcd soundsystem .	big ideas is a song by lcd soundsystem , released as a single on august 11 , 2008 .	banger is a song by english grime artist jme , featuring vocals from wiley .	my mistakes is a song by uk grime artist wiley , featuring guest vocals from manga and little dee .	never be your woman is a song recorded by british record producer naughty boy , featuring lead vocals from british rapper wiley and british singer and songwriter emeli sandé .	sweet disposition is a song by australian indie rock 1 band the temper trap .	i lost on jeopardy is a song by `` weird al '' yankovic from his second album , `` weird al '' yankovic in 3-d .	keep on pushing love is a song by al green .	you 're getting to be a habit with me is a 1932 popular song with music by harry warren and the lyrics by al dubin , 1 which became a standard .	serenade of the bells is a popular song written by kay twomey , al goodhart , and al urbano and published in 1947 .	al 's place is a song written by robert allen and was recorded by al hirt .	nel sole is a song composed by al bano , pino massara and vito pallavicini , and performed by al bano .	i apologize is a popular song written by al hoffman , al goodhart , and ed nelson .
absolute beginners is a song written and recorded by david bowie .	bombers is a song written by david bowie .	dollar days is a song by english musician david bowie .	ashes to ashes is a song written and recorded by david bowie .	station to station is a song by english musician david bowie .	suffragette city is a song by david bowie .	time is a song by david bowie .	slow burn is a song by english musician david bowie .	heroes a is a song by english musician david bowie .	girl loves me is a song by english musician david bowie .	breaking glass is a song by the english singer/songwriter david bowie .	space oddity is a song written and recorded by david bowie .	be my wife is a song by english musician david bowie .	starman is a song by david bowie , recorded on 4 february 1972 1 and released as a single in april .	loving the alien is a song written and recorded by david bowie .	under pressure is a 1981 song by the british rock band queen and british singer david bowie .	love is lost is a song by english rock musician david bowie from his album the next day .	the london boys is a song written by david bowie .	ca n't help thinking about me is a song written by david bowie in 1965 and released as a single under the name david bowie with the lower third .	boys keep swinging is a song by david bowie .
the pride is a song by american heavy metal band five finger death punch .	dying breed is a song by the american heavy metal band five finger death punch .	walk away is a song by american heavy metal band five finger death punch .	my nemesis is a song by american heavy metal band five finger death punch , from their sixth studio album got your six .	coming down is a song by american heavy metal band five finger death punch .	hard to see is a song by american heavy metal band five finger death punch .	stranger than fiction is a song by american heavy metal band five finger death punch .	back for more is a song by american heavy metal band five finger death punch .	never enough is a song by american heavy metal band five finger death punch .	the bleeding is a song by american heavy metal band five finger death punch .	wash it all away is a song by american heavy metal band five finger death punch , from their sixth studio album got your six .	no one gets left behind is a song by the american rock band five finger death punch .	this house is a 1990 1 song by american singer -- songwriter tracie spencer .	five get over excited is a song by the housemartins released as a single from their album the people who grinned themselves to death .	tender kisses 1 is a song by american singer -- songwriter tracie spencer .	love me 1 is a 1992 song by american singer -- songwriter tracie spencer .	symptoms of true love is a 1988 song by american singer -- songwriter tracie spencer .	tishomingo blues is a song by spencer williams .	save your love is a 1990 song by american singer -- songwriter tracie spencer .	this time make it funky is a 1991 2 song by american singer -- songwriter tracie spencer .
i do n't wan na cry is a song written by mariah carey and narada michael walden , and produced by walden for carey 's debut album , mariah carey ( 1990 ) .	someday is a song by american singer and songwriter mariah carey from her self-titled debut studio album ( 1990 ) .	emotions is a song by american singer mariah carey from her second studio album emotions ( 1991 ) .	with you is a song by american singer and songwriter mariah carey .	never forget you is a song performed by american singer mariah carey .	hero is a song by american singer and songwriter mariah carey .	mariah carey is the debut studio album by american singer and songwriter mariah carey , released on june 12 , 1990 by columbia records .	mariah carey is the debut studio album by american singer and songwriter mariah carey , released on june 12 , 1990 by columbia records .	mariah carey is the debut studio album by american singer and songwriter mariah carey , released on june 12 , 1990 by columbia records .	mariah carey is the debut studio album by american singer and songwriter mariah carey , released on june 12 , 1990 by columbia records .	mariah carey is the debut studio album by american singer and songwriter mariah carey , released on june 12 , 1990 by columbia records .	honey is a song by american singer and songwriter mariah carey .	ca n't let go is a song by american singer mariah carey from her second album emotions ( 1991 ) .	butterfly is a song by american singer and songwriter mariah carey .	triumphant ( get 'em ) is a song by american singer and songwriter mariah carey .	the star is a song performed by american singer-songwriter mariah carey .	ca n't take that away ( mariah 's theme ) is a song by american singer and songwriter mariah carey .	love takes time is a song by american singer mariah carey .	my all is a song by american singer and songwriter mariah carey from her sixth studio album , butterfly ( 1997 ) .	one sweet day is a song by american singer mariah carey and r b group boyz ii men .
pioneer is a song performed by hungarian singer freddie .	easy loving is a song composed by country music singer-songwriter freddie hart .	living on my own is a song by freddie mercury , originally included in his first solo album mr .	one wish is a 1994 christmas song by american r b singer freddie jackson , from his album freddie jackson at christmas .	mustapha is a song written by freddie mercury and recorded by british rock band queen .	freddie 's dead is a song by curtis mayfield .	in my defence is a song performed by queen lead vocalist freddie mercury .	who booty is a song by american r b singer jonn hart , featuring vocals from rapper iamsu !	love kills is a song by freddie mercury , and his first song recorded as a solo artist .	mimi is a popular song written by richard rodgers , with words by lorenz hart .	play the game is a song by british rock band queen , written by freddie mercury .	glad to be unhappy is a popular song composed by richard rodgers , with lyrics by lorenz hart .	sing for your supper is an american popular song by composer richard rodgers and lyricist lorenz hart .	lover is a popular song composed by richard rodgers with lyrics by lorenz hart .	sunglasses at night is a song by canadian singer corey hart .	never surrender is a song by canadian singer corey hart .	dallas blues , written by hart wand , is an early blues song , first published in 1912 .	stuff that matters is a song recorded by canadian country music artist tara lyn hart .	everything in my heart is a song by canadian singer corey hart .	hurt so bad is a song written by teddy randazzo , bobby weinstein , and bobby hart .
pray for you is a song recorded by american country music duo the swon brothers for their self-titled debut album ( 2014 ) .	rum is a song recorded by american country music duo brothers osborne .	red swan is a song recorded by yoshiki featuring hyde .	til my last day is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist justin moore .	whatever is a song recorded by american country group the statler brothers .	backwoods is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist justin moore .	together is a song by irish singer ryan o'shaughnessy .	bait a hook is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist justin moore .	joey is a song co-written and recorded by american country music duo sugarland .	kinda do n't care is a song by american country music singer justin moore .	16 days is a song by alternative country band whiskeytown and written by ryan adams .	joey is a song from bob dylan 's 1976 album desire .	21 summer is a song by american country music duo brothers osborne .	bubba hyde is a song written by gene nelson and craig wiseman , and recorded by american country music group diamond rio .	good timin ' is a song written by brothers brian and carl wilson for the american rock band the beach boys .	the kkk took my baby away is a song written by joey ramone .	i ca n't love you back is a song written by carson chamberlain , jeff hyde , and clint daniels and recorded by american country music artist easton corbin .	yo-yo is a song recorded by the danish singer joey moe .	yesterday 's news is a song by alternative country band whiskeytown , co-written by ryan adams and phil wandscher .	peppermint twist is a song written by joey dee and henry glover , recorded and released by joey dee and the starliters in 1961 .
when a heart beats is a song by the english singer-songwriter nik kershaw .	faces is a song by the english singer-songwriter nik kershaw .	dancing girls is a song by the english singer-songwriter nik kershaw .	radio musicola is a song by the english singer-songwriter nik kershaw .	human racing is a song by the english singer-songwriter nik kershaw .	nobody knows is a song by the english singer-songwriter nik kershaw .	would n't it be good is a song by english singer-songwriter nik kershaw .	i wo n't let the sun go down on me is a song written and performed by the english singer-songwriter nik kershaw .	the one and only is a song written by nik kershaw , and recorded by the british singer chesney hawkes .	the riddle is a song by the english singer-songwriter nik kershaw .	somebody loves you is a song from english singer-songwriter nik kershaw , released in 1999 as the lead single from his fifth studio album 15 minutes .	queen of my double wide trailer is a song written by dennis linde , and recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .	haunted heart is a song written by buddy brock and kim williams , and recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .	meant to be is a song written by chris waters and rick bowles , and recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .	don quixote is a song by the english singer-songwriter nik kershaw from his 1984 studio album the riddle .	cadillac style is a song written by mark petersen , and recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .	i want my money back is a song recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .	hvad der sker her is a song performed by danish r b , hip-hop and pop duo nik ras .	yard sale is a song written by larry bastian and dewayne blackwell , and recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .	vidalia is a song written by tim nichols and mark d. sanders , and recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .
you 've got to earn it is a 1964 song recorded by the temptations for the gordy ( motown ) label .	the girl 's alright with me is a 1964 song recorded by the temptations for the gordy ( motown ) label .	baby , baby i need you is a 1963 song recorded by the temptations for the gordy ( motown ) label .	the motown song is a song performed by rod stewart and featuring the temptations .	ooo baby baby is a song written by smokey robinson and pete moore .	just my imagination ( running away with me ) is a song by american soul group the temptations .	he 's my sunny boy is a song performed by diana ross the supremes , written and produced by smokey robinson .	do n't look back is a 1965 song recorded by the temptations for the gordy ( motown ) label .	who 's lovin ' you is a motown soul song , written in 1960 by william `` smokey '' robinson .	wait is a song recorded by white lion and written by white lion vocalist mike tramp and guitarist vito bratta .	i second that emotion is a 1967 song written by smokey robinson and al cleveland .	i do n't blame you at all was a 1971 r b song by the miracles ( also known as smokey robinson the miracles ) on motown records ' tamla label .	the hunter gets captured by the game is a 1966 song written by smokey robinson .	white ( stylized `` white '' ) is a song by south korean rock band cnblue .	selections from irving berlin 's white christmas is an album with songs from the 1954 movie , white christmas .	superwoman is a song by r b singer karyn white .	just to see her is a 1987 song written by jimmy george and lou pardini and recorded by american r b recording artist smokey robinson from his studio album one heartbeat ( 1987 ) .	fell in love with a girl is a song by the american garage rock band the white stripes , written and produced by jack white for the band 's third studio album , white blood cells ( 2001 ) .	devotion is a 1974 song by r b band earth , wind fire , which was written by maurice white and philip bailey .	evil is a song by r b band earth , wind fire which was written by philip bailey and maurice white .
happy is a song by welsh singer-songwriter marina diamandis , professionally known as marina and the diamonds .	froot is a song by welsh singer marina diamandis , known professionally as marina and the diamonds .	rather be is a song by the english electronic music group clean bandit .	hollywood is a song by welsh recording artist marina and the diamonds from her debut studio album , the family jewels ( 2010 ) .	i 'm a ruin is a song by welsh singer-songwriter marina diamandis , professionally known as marina and the diamonds .	mozart 's house is a song by english electronic music group clean bandit .	how to be a heartbreaker is a song by welsh singer marina and the diamonds from her second studio album , electra heart ( 2012 ) .	primadonna is a song by welsh singer-songwriter marina and the diamonds from her second studio album , electra heart ( 2012 ) .	imposible is a song by puerto rican singers luis fonsi and ozuna , released on october 19 , 2018 by universal music latin .	si no te hubiera conocido ( english : `` if i had n't known you '' ) is a song by american recording artist christina aguilera and puerto rican singer luis fonsi .	shampain is a song by welsh singer and songwriter marina and the diamonds from her debut studio album , the family jewels ( 2010 ) .	come over is a song by british electronic group clean bandit .	tu amor is a song written by jeremías and performed by puerto rican singer luis fonsi .	diamonds is a song recorded by maltese operatic pop singer federica falzon .	no me doy por vencido ( english : i do n't give up ) is a spanish language song by puerto rican singer-songwriter luis fonsi .	nada es para siempre ( english : `` nothing is forever '' ) is a song written by amaury gutiérrez and recorded by puerto rican singer luis fonsi in 2005 .	aquí estoy yo ( english : here i am ) is a song written by luis fonsi , claudia brant and gen rubin ; it was produced by luis fonsi and sebastián krys for fonsi 's seventh studio album palabras del silencio ( 2008 ) , and it is performed by luis fonsi , aleks syntek , david bisbal , and noel schajris .	la llave de mi corazón ( english : the key of my heart ) is a 2007 hit song from juan luis guerra that has won numerous latin awards .	clean , clean is a song composed by trevor horn , geoff downes and bruce woolley .	that 's amore is a 1953 song by composer harry warren 1 and lyricist jack brooks .
without a map is a song by canadian musician sam roberts .	lucky day is a song by british recording artist nicola roberts .	son of sam is a song by american singer-songwriter elliott smith .	house party is a song co-written and recorded by american singer sam hunt .	sticks and stones ( stylized as `` sticks + stones '' ) is a song by british singer nicola roberts .	telegram sam is a song written by marc bolan for the british rock group t. rex , appearing on their 1972 album the slider .	finally home is the lead single by singer-songwriter kerrie roberts from her second studio album time for the show .	i 'll make you music is a song written by bruce roberts and performed by beverly bremers .	you 've got a lot to answer for is a song written by cerys matthews and mark roberts and recorded by welsh rock band catatonia .	only sixteen is a song by american singer-songwriter sam cooke , released in may 1959 .	someone is a song written by steve dorff , charlie black and austin roberts , and recorded by american country music artist lee greenwood .	shake is a song written and recorded by sam cooke .	yo-yo is a song by british recording artist nicola roberts , released as the third and final single from roberts ' debut solo album cinderella 's eyes on 6 january 2012 .	break down here is a debut song written by jess brown and patrick jason matthews , and recorded by american country music singer julie roberts .	wooly bully is a popular song originally recorded by novelty rock 'n' roll band sam the sham and the pharaohs in 1965 .	when the money 's gone is a song was written by bruce roberts and donna weiss and first released by bruce roberts on his 1995 album intimacy .	the first thing ev'ry morning ( and the last thing ev'ry night ) is a song co-written by jimmy dean and ruth roberts .	100 % chance of rain is a song written by charlie black and austin roberts , and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	nothing can change this love is a song by american singer-songwriter sam cooke .	tomorrow night is a 1939 song written by sam coslow and will grosz .
you should hear how she talks about you is a song performed by american singer melissa manchester from her album hey ricky .	spinning the wheel is a song by george michael .	fantasy is a song by the english singer-songwriter george michael .	jesus to a child is a song by british singer george michael .	faith is a song written and performed by george michael , from his 1987 debut solo album of the same name .	alive is a pop song performed by canadian idol season three winner melissa o'neil .	if i wanted to is a song by american singer , melissa etheridge .	white light is a song by english singer george michael .	father figure is a song by english singer george michael from his debut studio album , faith ( 1987 ) .	fly too high is a song by janis ian .	i want your sex is a song by the english singer and songwriter george michael .	outside is a song by george michael , released on epic records in 1998 .	hard day is a song by english singer george michael from his debut studio album , faith ( 1987 ) .	like the way i do is a melissa etheridge song , the second single from her debut album melissa etheridge ( 1988 ) .	chip diddy chip is a song by rapper chipmunk .	round here is a song by british singer george michael from his fifth studio album , patience .	hi , hi , hi is a song written by paul and linda mccartney and performed by wings .	hello hi is a song by the swedish trio dolly style .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	chip chip is a song written by jeff barry , clifford crawford , and arthur resnick and performed by gene mcdaniels .
dig in is a song by lenny kravitz , and the lead single from his sixth studio album , lenny .	fly away is a song by american singer lenny kravitz .	if you ca n't say no is a song by lenny kravitz , released as the first single from his album 5 .	champagne , champagne is a song by australian recording artist vanessa amorosi .	the real thing is a song by american recording artist vanessa williams .	believe is a song by lenny kravitz from his third album , are you gon na go my way .	it ai n't over 'til it 's over is a song recorded , written , and produced by american musician lenny kravitz for his second studio album , mama said ( 1991 ) .	hot blooded woman is a song by german recording artist vanessa petruo .	joe le taxi ( english : `` joe the taxi driver '' ) is a french song written by franck langolff and étienne roda-gil for french singer vanessa paradis .	i belong to you is a song by american rock musician lenny kravitz from his fifth studio album 5 ( 1998 ) .	stillness of heart , released on january 29 , 2002 , is a song written by lenny kravitz and craig ross , released on kravitz 's 2001 album lenny .	again is a song by american rock musician lenny kravitz , being the only new song from his first greatest hits album , released in 2000 .	heroes thieves is a song on vanessa carlton 's third studio album , heroes thieves , .	white houses is a song written by american singer vanessa carlton and stephan jenkins ( lead singer of third eye blind ) , and recorded for vanessa carlton 's second album harmonium ( 2004 ) .	night owl is a song by gerry rafferty .	i 'll be waiting is a rock song written by lenny kravitz and craig ross for kravitz 's eighth studio album , it is time for a love revolution ( 2008 ) .	the chamber is a song by american singer lenny kravitz , released on june 24 , 2014 as the lead single from the album strut .	falling is a 1977 song by lenny leblanc and pete carr .	the loco-motion is a 1962 pop song written by american songwriters gerry goffin and carole king .	the loco-motion is a 1962 pop song written by american songwriters gerry goffin and carole king .
keep the love-light burning in the window till the boys come marching home is a world war i song with music and lyrics by jack caddigan and jimmy mchugh .	when you come back is a world war i song released in 1919 .	whisky story is a song by british recording artist example .	captain jack is a song by the german eurodance group captain jack .	you 'd be surprised is a song written by irving berlin in 1919 .	the story of a broken heart ( or `` story of a broken heart '' ) is a song originally recorded by johnny cash .	my true story is a 1961 song recorded by the jive five .	story of my life is a song recorded by english irish boy band one direction .	do n't cry frenchy , do n't cry is a 1919 song written during world war i .	the story is a song released as a single by american folk rock singer brandi carlile , written by phil hanseroth , from her 2007 album the story .	my chick bad is a song by american rapper ludacris .	bedtime story is a song by the danish rock band warm guns .	500 miles high is a jazz fusion song by chick corea and return to forever .	baby wo n't you please come home is a blues song written by charles warfield and clarence williams in 1919 .	my friend jack is a psychedelic pop song released by the english pop group the smoke in 1967 .	on the road to calais is a 1919 song performed by al jolson .	breakdown is a song written by jack johnson , dan nakamura paul huston and sung by jack johnson .	every picture tells a story is a song written by rod stewart and ron wood and initially released as the title track of stewart 's 1971 album every picture tells a story .	love story is a song by nadia ali .	dreams die hard is a song written by chick rains , and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .
one is a song by irish rock band u2 .	a celebration is a song by rock band u2 .	fire is a song by irish rock band u2 .	pride ( in the name of love ) is a song by irish rock band u2 .	heartland is a song by rock band u2 .	acrobat is a song by rock band u2 .	40 , also known as `` 40 ( how long ) '' , is a song by irish rock band u2 .	kite is a song by rock band u2 .	winter is a song by rock band u2 .	red light is a song by rock band u2 .	mofo is a song by irish rock band u2 .	gloria is a song by rock band u2 .	numb is a song by rock band u2 .	exit is a song by rock band u2 .	zooropa is a song by irish rock band u2 .	she 's a mystery to me is a song by roy orbison , written by bono and the edge of u2 .	the miracle ( of joey ramone ) is a song by irish rock band u2 .	elevation is a song by irish rock band u2 .	vertigo is a song by irish rock band u2 .	invisible is a song by irish rock band u2 .
freunde ( friends ) is a song by die toten hosen .	strom ( current ) is a song by die toten hosen .	schön sein ( to be beautiful ) is a song by die toten hosen .	liebesspieler ( love player ) is a song by die toten hosen .	bonnie clyde is a song by die toten hosen .	all die ganzen jahre ( all the whole years ) is a song by die toten hosen .	alles was war ( all that was ) is a song by die toten hosen .	alles wird vorübergehen ( `` everything will go by '' ) is a song by german band die toten hosen .	mehr davon ( more of it ) is a song by die toten hosen .	pushed again is a song by die toten hosen .	friss oder stirb ( feed or die ) is a song by die toten hosen .	unrockbar is a punk song by die ärzte .	dinge von denen -lsb- things of which -rsb- is a song by die ärzte .	last one to die is a song by the american punk rock band rancid .	ronnie is a song by bob gaudio and bob crewe .	westerland is a punk song by die ärzte .	elke is a punk song by die ärzte .	step back is a song recorded by american country music artist ronnie mcdowell .	all over your face is a song recorded by american singer ronnie dyson .	ooh la la is a 1973 song by the band faces , written by ronnie lane and ronnie wood .
ai n't worth the whiskey is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist cole swindell .	sunshine whiskey is a song recorded by american country music artist frankie ballard .	evening falls ... is a song by irish singer , songwriter and musician enya .	good friends , good whiskey , good lovin ' is a song written and recorded by american country music artist hank williams jr. .	it ai n't the whiskey is a song co-written by greg barnhill , jim daddario , and cole deggs , and recorded by american country music singer gary allan .	whiskey crime is a song by american recording artist steve grand .	life 's little ups and downs ' is a song originally recorded by charlie rich .	curtain falls is a song by english boy band blue .	whiskey lullaby is a song composed by bill anderson and jon randall .	seven year ache is a song written and performed by american country music artist rosanne cash .	seven whole days is a song performed by american singer toni braxton .	hollywood seven is a song by australian singer jon english .	when the curtain falls is a song by american rock band greta van fleet .	netzwerk ( falls like rain ) is a song by austrian electronic music duo klangkarussell .	whiskey under the bridge is a song co-written and recorded by american country music duo brooks dunn .	whiskey river is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer johnny bush .	love falls over me is a song by canadian recording artist tamia .	all falls down is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west .	pecadora is the second single and title track of mexican singer-songwriter lila downs 's third spanish album pecados y milagros .	there goes my heart is a song recorded by british singer lisa stansfield for the re-release of her 2014 album seven , titled seven + .
say ( all i need ) is a song by american pop rock band onerepublic .	beautiful lie is a pop song recorded by american singer jennifer paige and nick carter .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	introducing me was a song recorded by nick jonas for the camp rock 2 : the final jam soundtrack .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	gigolo is a song by american rapper nick cannon .	calling all the monsters is a song performed by american pop recording artist china anne mcclain .	we are all prostitutes is a song by english post-punk band the pop group .	19 in 99 is a song by american singer and songwriter nick carter .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	nick jonas is the second eponymous solo studio album by american singer-songwriter nick jonas .	just one kiss is a song by american singer-songwriter , nick carter .	all i need is a miracle is a song performed by english pop rock band mike + the mechanics .	jubilee street is a song by the australian alternative rock band nick cave and the bad seeds .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .	all is love is a song written by karen o and nick zinner for the 2009 film where the wild things are .	you will have to pay is a 1945 song by tex ritter .	deanna is a song by nick cave and the bad seeds .	i 'm wastin ' my tears on you is a song written by frank harford , and recorded in 1944 by tex ritter .
lucky star is a song by swedish singers carola häggkvist andreas johnson .	a little bit of love is a song written by andreas johnson and peter kvint , and performed by andreas johnson at melodifestivalen 2007 .	i denna natt blir världen ny is a song by the swedish singer carola häggkvist .	invincible is the name of the 2006 eurovision song contest entry from sweden , sung by carola häggkvist .	when the night comes falling is a song written by sebastian karlsson and peter kvint , and performed by sebastian karlsson at melodifestivalen 2007 .	fångad av en stormvind ( english : `` captured by a love storm '' ) is a song by swedish singer-songwriter carola häggkvist .	när löven faller is a song written by carola häggkvist ( lyrics ) and ingemar åberg ( composer ) .	heart of stone is a song performed by german singer andreas kümmert .	auf uns ( german : to us ) is a song by german recording artist andreas bourani .	sorry i 'm in love is a song written by andreas carlsson , tamara champlin , emilia rydberg , and recorded by emilia rydberg on her 2000 album emilia .	flake is a song written and sung by jack johnson .	critical love is a song of a1 written by mathilde johnson .	sitting , waiting , wishing is a song written and sung by jack johnson .	the robert johnson songbook is an album by the british blues band the peter green splinter group , led by peter green .	better together is a song written and performed by jack johnson .	because you live is a song recorded by jesse mccartney written by chris braide , andreas carlsson and desmond child .	taylor is a song written and sung by jack johnson .	can you help me is a song written 1 and performed by american contemporary r b musician jesse johnson , issued as the second single from his debut studio album jesse johnson 's revue .	breakdown is a song written by jack johnson , dan nakamura paul huston and sung by jack johnson .	dead shrimp blues is a song written by robert johnson .
goin ' home is a song by rock band the rolling stones featured on their 1966 album aftermath .	out of time is a song by the rolling stones , first released on their 1966 album aftermath ( uk version ) .	aftermath is a ballad song by english rock band muse from their seventh album , drones .	sister morphine is a song written by marianne faithfull , mick jagger and keith richards .	aftermath is a song by american pop vocalist and american idol season eight runner-up adam lambert .	trouble is a song by english musician and guitarist of the rock band the rolling stones , keith richards .	speed `` is a single by british rock singer / songwriter billy idol , included in the soundtrack of the eponymous film .	moves like jagger is a song by american band maroon 5 featuring singer christina aguilera .	little thoughts / `` tulips '' are two songs by english rock band bloc party .	one crowded hour is a song by australian indie rock band augie march , written by glenn richards .	god gave me everything was the fourth track and single from english singer-songwriter mick jagger 's fourth solo album , goddess in the doorway .	joy was the second track from english singer-songwriter mick jagger 's fourth solo album , goddess in the doorway ( 2001 ) .	brain stew / `` jaded '' are two songs by the american punk rock band green day .	old habits die hard is a song from the 2004 movie alfie , with music by david stewart and lyrics by mick jagger , and performed by jagger .	obstacle 1 is a song by american rock band interpol .	lovers in japan / reign of love is a song by british rock band coldplay .	valentine is the seventh album by english folk / rock singer-songwriter and guitarist roy harper .	bloom is a song by south african / australian singer troye sivan .	girls / girls / boys is a song by american rock band panic !	who are you is a song by turkish singer / songwriter emine sari .
heroine is a song by british pop act shakespears sister , released in 1988 as a single from their debut album sacred heart .	bitter pill is a song by siobhan fahey , originally released in october 2002 with the label god made me hardcore .	i believe is a song by singer marcella detroit , released in february 1994 under london records as the lead single from her album jewel .	boy is a song by us singer marcella detroit , released in december 1996 as the third single from her album feeler .	goodbye cruel world is a song by the british pop act shakespears sister , released in 1991 as the lead single from their second album hormonally yours .	my 16th apology is a song by uk pop act shakespears sister , released in early 1993 as the fifth and final single from their studio album hormonally yours .	i 'm no angel is a song by us singer marcella detroit , released in july 1994 under london records as the third uk single and second australian single from her album jewel .	i can drive is a song by uk pop act shakespears sister , released in june 1996 as the lead single from their third studio album # 3 .	perfect world is a song by us singer marcella detroit , released in march 1995 under london records as the fourth and final single from her album jewel .	pulsatron is a song by siobhan fahey , originally released in february 2005 from her debut solo album , which was later released as her project 's fourth studio album songs from the red room .	i hate you now ... is a song by us singer marcella detroit , released in june 1996 as the first single from her third album feeler .	mistakes is a song written by richard feldman , and recorded by american country music artist don williams .	hey , soul sister is a song by american rock band train .	electropop is a song released from the electronic dance group jupiter rising 's album electropop .	joy is a 1992 song recorded by french singer-songwriter françois feldman .	it 's a trip is a song by shakespears sister , released in april 2010 as the fourth single from their fourth studio album songs from the red room .	petit frank is a 1989 song recorded by the french singer and songwriter françois feldman .	you and i is a song by danish electropop singer medina .	samantha is an electropop song performed by norwegian singer margaret berger .	execute me is a song by danish electropop singer medina .
down is a song by american nu metal band motograter .	daddy is a song recorded , and performed by american nu metal band korn for their self-titled debut album .	thoughtless is a song written by american nu metal band korn for their fifth studio album , untouchables .	the metal is a song by tenacious d from their 2006 album the pick of destiny .	blind is a song recorded and performed by american nu metal band korn for their self-titled debut album .	everybody 's fool is a nu metal song by american rock band evanescence .	way too far is a song written and recorded by american nu metal band korn .	going under is a nu metal song by american rock band evanescence .	hater is a song written and recorded by american nu metal band korn .	faget is a song by the american nu metal band korn .	evolution is a song by american nu metal band korn .	rotting in vain is a song by american nu metal band korn .	black is the soul is a song by american nu metal band korn .	b.b.k. is a song written and recorded by american nu metal band korn for their third studio album , follow the leader .	good god is a song written and recorded by american nu metal band korn for their second studio album , life is peachy .	wait and bleed is a song from american nu metal band slipknot 's self-titled album of 1999 .	back to the primitive is a nu metal song by soulfly , released in 2000 .	make me bad is a song written and recorded by the american nu metal band korn for their fourth studio album , issues .	shotgun is a song by american nu metal band limp bizkit from their fifth studio album , gold cobra ( 2011 ) .	w · o · l · d is a song written and performed by harry chapin .
darkness on the edge of town is a song by american rock singer/songwriter bruce springsteen .	human touch is a song recorded by the american rock singer bruce springsteen .	my lucky day is a song written and recorded by bruce springsteen .	stolen car is a song written and performed by bruce springsteen .	independence day is a song written and performed by bruce springsteen .	protection is a song written by bruce springsteen for donna summer .	be true is a song by bruce springsteen .	land of hope and dreams is a 1999 song written by bruce springsteen and performed by springsteen and the e street band .	lonesome day is a song written by bruce springsteen and initially performed by springsteen and the e street band .	sad eyes is a song written and performed by bruce springsteen .	nebraska is the title song of bruce springsteen 's 1982 solo album .	atlantic city is a song recorded by bruce springsteen , which first appeared on springsteen 's 1982 solo album nebraska .	darlington county is a 1984 song written and performed by bruce springsteen .	the ghost of tom joad is a folk rock song written by bruce springsteen .	she 's the one is a song by bruce springsteen .	johnny 99 is a song written and recorded by rock musician bruce springsteen , which first appeared on springsteen 's 1982 solo album nebraska .	open all night is a song written and recorded by rock musician bruce springsteen , which first appeared on springsteen 's 1982 solo album nebraska .	point blank is a song written by bruce springsteen and first released on springsteen 's 1980 album the river .	lost in the flood is a song by bruce springsteen .	cadillac ranch is a song written by bruce springsteen that was first released on springsteen 's 1980 album the river .
luminous is a song by irish pop duo jedward .	young love is a song by irish pop duo jedward .	free spirit is a song by irish pop duo jedward .	waterline is a song by irish pop duo jedward .	put the green cape on is a song by irish pop duo jedward .	lipstick is a song by irish pop duo jedward .	true believer is a song written by e-type and savan kotecha , and recorded by e-type on the album eurotopia .	daniel is a song and ballad by elton john .	radio is a song by british pop singer robbie williams .	stay my baby is a song written by max martin , tommy tysper and savan kotecha as the second single from amy diamond 's third studio album music in motion ( 2007 ) .	in love for a while is a song performed by swiss singer anna rossinelli and written by swiss musician david klein .	honestly is a song by german recording artist daniel schuhmacher .	daniel is a song by english recording artist bat for lashes , from her second studio album , two suns .	free loop ( one night stand ) ( titled as `` free loop '' on daniel powter ) is a pop song written by canadian singer daniel powter .	bobby 's girl is a song and single written by gary klein and henry hoffman and performed by american teenage singer , marcie blane .	warm leatherette is a song by daniel miller 's project the normal , released in 1978 .	bad day is a pop song from canadian singer daniel powter 's self-titled second studio album ( 2005 ) .	cold , cold heart is a country music and pop song recorded by hank williams .	beautiful sunday is a song written by daniel boone and rod mcqueen , and performed by daniel boone .	someone else 's star is a country song co-written by skip ewing and jim weatherly , and first recorded by singer davis daniel on his 1994 album davis daniel .
money is a song written and recorded by american country music artist k. t. oslin .	did n't expect it to go down this way is a song written and recorded by american country music artist k. t. oslin .	come next monday is a song co-written by american country music singer k. t. oslin .	rhythm of love is a song by american rock band plain white t 's .	electric is a song recorded by swedish artist leila k .	my girlfriend is a song by the christian rock band relient k , released on their self-titled first album .	sticks n stones is the fourth official single by singer-songwriter jamie t .	dreamland is a song recorded by japanese music duo bennie k .	who i am hates who i 've been is a song by the christian rock band relient k .	be my escape is a song by christian rock band relient k .	little t a is the fourth song on rock and roll band the rolling stones ' 1981 album tattoo you .	the truth is a song by the christian rock band relient k .	t 's all about me ' is a contemporary r b song by american recording artist mýa .	ne t ` enfuis pas is a song written and recorded by kate bush .	open sesame is a song by swedish eurodance artist leila k .	drug dealers anonymous is a song by american rapper pusha t .	que je t ` aime is a song by french singer johnny hallyday .	numbers on the boards is a song by american rapper pusha t from his debut studio album my name is my name ( 2013 ) .	je t ` aime , je t ` aime , je t ` aime is a song by french singer johnny hallyday from his 1974 studio album je t ` aime , je t ` aime , je t ` aime .	boom boom ( heartbeat ) is a song by british dj ray foxx featuring vocals from welsh singer rachel k collier .
the girls is a song by scottish musician calvin harris .	girls is a song by british hip hop group n-dubz .	summer girls is a song recorded by the pop group lfo .	young girls is a song by american singer-songwriter bruno mars .	carolina girls is a song by j. d. shropshire jr. .	girls like girls is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter hayley kiyoko for her second extended play this side of paradise .	good little girls is the debut song recorded by american country music duo blue county .	girls / girls / boys is a song by american rock band panic !	dancing girls is a song by the english singer-songwriter nik kershaw .	california girls is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist gretchen wilson .	canadian girls is a song written and recorded by canadian country music artist dean brody .	a buncha girls is a song co-written recorded by american country music artist frankie ballard .	watchin ' girls go by is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist ronnie mcdowell .	girls ride horses too is a song recorded by american country music artist judy rodman .	girls with guitars is a song written by mary chapin carpenter , and recorded by american country music artist wynonna judd .	deutscher girls is a song by adam and the ants .	country girls is a song written by troy seals and eddie setser , and recorded by american country music artist john schneider .	girls girls ( stylized as `` girls girls '' ) is a song by swedish electropop duo icona pop .	girls ' night out is a song written by brent maher and jeffrey bullock , and recorded by american country music duo the judds .	i like girls that drink beer is a song recorded by american country music singer toby keith and co-written with bobby pinson .
outside the frame is a song recorded by canadian country music artist paul brandt .	my heart has a history is the title of a debut song co-written and recorded by canadian country music artist paul brandt .	i meant to do that is a song co-written and recorded by canadian country music artist paul brandt .	take it from me is a song co-written and recorded by canadian country music artist paul brandt .	i do , also known as robin 's song , is a song written and recorded by canadian country music artist paul brandt .	the sycamore tree is a song recorded by canadian country music artist paul brandt .	canadian man ( also titled canadian man : hockey ) is a song written by steven graham pineo and recorded by canadian country music artist paul brandt .	what 's come over you is a song recorded by canadian country music artist paul brandt .	hometown honeymoon is a song written by josh leo and jim photoglo , and recorded by american country music group alabama .	cold beer with your name on it is a song recorded by american country music artist josh thompson .	hometown girl is a song recorded by american country music artist josh turner .	meant to be is a song written by chris waters and rick bowles , and recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .	long black train is a song written and recorded by american country music singer josh turner .	firecracker is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist josh turner .	nothin ' new under the moon is a song written tom shapiro , josh leo and rick bowles , and recorded by american country music artist leann rimes .	favorite state of mind is a song recorded by american country music artist josh gracin .	over is a song written by paul jenkins and david elliott johnson 1 and recorded by american country music artist blake shelton .	he left a lot to be desired is a song written by larry boone and rick bowles , and recorded by american country music group ricochet .	i keep coming back is a song recorded by american country music artist josh gracin .	get enough is a song by english musician paul mccartney , released as a single on 1 january 2019 .
country man is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist luke bryan .	fast is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist luke bryan .	do i is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist luke bryan .	kick the dust up is a song recorded by american country music artist luke bryan .	country girl ( shake it for me ) is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist luke bryan .	strip it down is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist luke bryan .	what makes you country is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer luke bryan .	all my friends say is a debut song co-written and recorded by american country music artist luke bryan .	light it up is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer luke bryan .	i see you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist luke bryan .	someone else calling you baby is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist luke bryan .	i do n't want this night to end is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist luke bryan .	kiss tomorrow goodbye is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist luke bryan .	roller coaster is a song written by michael carter and cole swindell and recorded by american country music artist luke bryan .	rain is a good thing is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist luke bryan .	this is how we roll is a song recorded by american country music duo florida georgia line with fellow country music singer luke bryan .	games is a song performed by american country music artist luke bryan from his seventh extended play spring break ... checkin ' out ( 2015 ) .	play it again is a song written by dallas davidson and ashley gorley and recorded by american country music artist luke bryan .	good directions is a song written by luke bryan and rachel thibodeau and recorded by american country music artist billy currington .	move is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist luke bryan for his fifth studio album , kill the lights ( 2015 ) .
when you put your heart in it is a song recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .	love or something like it is a song co-written and performed by american country music artist kenny rogers .	homeland is a song recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .	sweet music man is a song written and recorded by american musician kenny rogers .	a love song is a song written by lee greenwood and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .	he will , she knows is a song recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .	crazy is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .	she believes in me is a song recorded by american country music singer kenny rogers .	daytime friends is a song written by ben peters and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .	evening star is a song written by barry and maurice gibb , and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .	planet texas is a song written by james andrew parks iii , and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .	tomb of the unknown love is a song written by micheal smotherman and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .	buried treasure is a song written by barry , robin maurice gibb , and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .	i do n't need you is a song written by rick christian and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .	morning desire is a song written by dave loggins and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .	scarlet fever is a song written by mike dekle , and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .	love will turn you around is a song performed and co-written by american country music singer kenny rogers .	the factory is a song written by bud mcguire , and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .	lucille is a song written by roger bowling and hal bynum , and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .	coward of the county is a country song written by roger bowling and billy ed wheeler , and recorded by american country music singer kenny rogers .
cuckoo clock is a song written by brian wilson and gary usher for the american rock band the beach boys .	in my room is a song written by brian wilson and gary usher for the american rock band the beach boys .	little pad is a song written by brian wilson for the american rock band the beach boys .	409 is a song written by brian wilson , mike love , and gary usher for the american rock and roll band the beach boys .	hawaii is a song written by brian wilson and mike love for the american rock band the beach boys .	whistle in is a song written by brian wilson for american rock band the beach boys .	solar system is a song written by brian wilson for the american rock band the beach boys .	wendy is a song written by brian wilson and mike love for the american rock band the beach boys .	heads you win -- tails i lose is a song written by brian wilson and gary usher for the american rock band the beach boys .	drive-in is a song written by brian wilson and mike love for american rock band the beach boys .	wind chimes is a song composed by brian wilson for the american rock band the beach boys .	time to get alone is a song written by brian wilson for the american rock band the beach boys .	you 're welcome is a song written by brian wilson for american rock band the beach boys .	wild honey is a song written by brian wilson and mike love for the american rock band the beach boys .	with me tonight is a song written by brian wilson for the american rock band the beach boys .	with me tonight is a song written by brian wilson for the american rock band the beach boys .	honkin ' down the highway is a song written by brian wilson for the american rock band the beach boys .	we 'll run away is a song written by brian wilson and gary usher for the american rock band the beach boys , released on their 1964 album all summer long .	brian wilson is a song written by steven page for canadian rock band barenaked ladies as a tribute to the beach boys ' co-founder brian wilson .	in the back of my mind is a song written by brian wilson and mike love for american rock band the beach boys , first released on their 1965 album the beach boys today !
easy is a song by commodores for the motown label , from their fifth studio album , commodores .	easy is a song by commodores for the motown label , from their fifth studio album , commodores .	still is a 1979 song by the soul music group the commodores .	sail on is a commodores song written by lionel richie from their 1979 album midnight magic .	three times a lady is a song by american soul group the commodores , from their 1978 album natural high .	back to life ( however do you want me ) is a song by british r b band soul ii soul .	uncle walter is a song from ben folds five 's 1995 self-titled debut album .	my blue heaven is a popular song written by walter donaldson with lyrics by george a. whiting .	my babe is a chicago blues song and a blues standard written by willie dixon for little walter .	soul power is a song by james brown .	sweet soul music is a soul song , first released by arthur conley in 1967 .	broken vow is a song that was written by lara fabian and walter afanasieff for fabian 's self-titled album released in 1999 .	fall again is a song written by walter afanasieff and robin thicke .	life as we knew it is a song written by walter carter and fred koller , and recorded by american country music artist kathy mattea .	show biz kids is a song composed by walter becker and donald fagen and performed by steely dan .	the soul album is the fourth studio album by american soul singer-songwriter otis redding , released in 1966 .	josie is a song written by walter becker and donald fagen and first released by steely dan on their 1977 album aja .	come back baby is a slow blues song written and recorded by the blues singer and pianist walter davis in 1940 .	bring back my soldier boy to me is a world war i era song written by walter hirsch and composed by frank magine .	everybody needs a best friend is a song from the 2012 feature film ted , with music composed by walter murphy and lyrics by seth macfarlane .
i believe is a song by american rock band bon jovi .	bang a drum is a country rock song written and originally performed by jon bon jovi .	janie , do n't take your love to town is a song by american rock singer jon bon jovi .	in these arms is a song by american rock band bon jovi .	everyday is a song by american rock band bon jovi .	only lonely is a song by american rock band bon jovi .	bounce is a song by american rock band bon jovi .	have a nice day is a song by american rock band bon jovi .	this is our house is a song by american rock band bon jovi .	lie to me is a song by american rock band bon jovi .	keep the faith is a song by american rock band bon jovi .	keep the faith is a song by american rock band bon jovi .	never say goodbye is a song by american rock band bon jovi , written by jon bon jovi and richie sambora .	it 's my life is song by american rock band bon jovi .	lost highway is a song by american rock band bon jovi .	superman tonight is a song by american rock band bon jovi .	one wild night is a song by american rock band bon jovi .	these days is a song by american rock band bon jovi .	dry county is a song by american rock band bon jovi .	who says you ca n't go home is a song written by jon bon jovi and richie sambora for the american rock band bon jovi 's ninth album have a nice day ( 2005 ) .
beautiful every time is a song recorded by american country music artist lee brice .	parking lot party is song co-written and recorded by american country music artist lee brice .	i do n't dance is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist lee brice .	that do n't sound like you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist lee brice .	a little more love is a song recorded as a duet by american country music artists jerrod niemann and lee brice .	love like crazy is a song written by tim james and doug johnson , and recorded by american country music artist lee brice .	forever everyday is a song recorded by american country music artist lee ann womack .	hot town is a song by australian musician jon english .	when i 've been drinkin ' is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jon pardi .	heartache on the dance floor is a song recorded by american country music artist jon pardi .	bang a drum is a country rock song written and originally performed by jon bon jovi .	hollywood seven is a song by australian singer jon english .	buckaroo is a song recorded by american country music artist lee ann womack .	missin ' you crazy is a song recorded by american country music artist jon pardi .	dirt on my boots is a song recorded by american country music artist jon pardi .	country party is a song written by rick nelson and recorded by american country music artist johnny lee .	just a day is a song by feeder , released as the band 's final single of 2001 , notable for being their last with drummer jon lee .	head over boots is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist jon pardi .	anything goes is a song written by brice long and john wiggins and recorded by american country music artist randy houser .	le casse de brice is a 2005 song recorded by the french comedian and actor jean dujardin .
appears is a song recorded by japanese recording artist ayumi hamasaki .	fly high is a song recorded by japanese recording artist ayumi hamasaki .	how beautiful you are is a song by japanese musician ayumi hamasaki .	m is a song written by japanese singer ayumi hamasaki from her album i am .	you me is a song by japanese musician ayumi hamasaki .	to be ( stylized as `` to be '' ) is a song by japanese recording artist ayumi hamasaki .	feel the love ( stylized as `` feel the love '' ) is a song recorded by japanese recording artist ayumi hamasaki .	progress is a song by japanese musician ayumi hamasaki .	terminal is a song by japanese musician ayumi hamasaki .	audience is a song by japanese recording artist ayumi hamasaki from her third studio album duty ( 2001 ) .	evolution is a song recorded by japanese recording artist and lyricist ayumi hamasaki , released on january 31 , 2001 as the second single from her fourth studio album i am .	far away ( stylized as `` far away '' ) is a song recorded by japanese recording artist ayumi hamasaki for her third studio album , duty ( 2000 ) .	daybreak is a song recorded by japanese recording artist and lyricist ayumi hamasaki , released on march 6 , 2002 as the eighth and final single on her fourth studio album i am ...	connected is a song recorded by japanese recording artist and lyricist ayumi hamasaki for her fourth studio album i am ... , released on january 1 , 2002 .	surreal ( stylized as `` surreal '' ) is a song by japanese recording artist ayumi hamasaki , taken from her third studio album duty ( 2000 ) .	love ( destiny ) ( stylized as `` love ~ destiny ~ '' ) is a song recorded by japanese recording artist ayumi hamasaki , serving as the second single for her second studio album , loveppears ( 1999 ) .	boys girls is a song recorded by japanese recording artist ayumi hamasaki , serving as the fourth single for her second studio album , loveppears ( 1999 ) .	guilty is a 1974 song by british vocal duo the pearls .	a summer best ( stylized as summer best ) is the 6th compilation album by japanese singer-songwriter ayumi hamasaki released on august 8 , 2012 .	guilty people is a song by margaret urlich .
imagination is a song by american singer la toya jackson .	heart do n't lie is a song by american singer la toya jackson .	i do n't play that is a song by american singer la toya jackson .	such a wicked love is a song by american singer la toya jackson from her fifth album la toya .	dare ( la la la ) is a song recorded by colombian singer-songwriter shakira from her self-titled tenth studio album shakira ( 2014 ) .	let 's rock the house is a song by american singer la toya jackson .	la la la is a song performed by american electro recording duo lmfao .	uptight downtown is a song by english singer elly jackson , known professionally as la roux , from her second studio album , trouble in paradise ( 2014 ) .	kiss and not tell is a song by english singer elly jackson , known professionally as la roux , from her second studio album , trouble in paradise ( 2014 ) .	one wish is a 1994 christmas song by american r b singer freddie jackson , from his album freddie jackson at christmas .	la la la ( never give it up ) is the debut single by swedish singer and songwriter september .	la la is a song by american singer ashlee simpson from her 2004 album , autobiography .	la vie bohème ( french : the bohemian life ) is a song , which is broken into two parts ( `` la vie bohème a '' and `` la vie bohème b '' ) , in the musical rent .	wan na see u dance ( la la la ) is a song by american recording artist kat deluna .	ooh la la is a song by american hip hop artist coolio .	ooh la la is a song performed by english group goldfrapp .	uh la la la is a song recorded by the italian singer alexia released in 1997 featuring additional vocals by an uncredited male rapper .	la la la love song is a song recorded by japanese r b singer toshinobu kubota for his ninth studio album , la la la love thang ( 1996 ) .	la la land is a song recorded by american singer demi lovato .	harmony is a 1979 song by suzi lane from the album ooh , la , la .
dream catch me is a song written by crispin hunt , newton faulkner and gordon mills , produced by mike spencer and performed by faulkner .	streamline is a song composed by spanish band newton .	like wow -- wipeout is a song written by dave faulkner 1 and recorded by australian rock group hoodoo gurus for their album mars needs guitars !	old flame is a song written by reed nielsen , and recorded by american country music artist juice newton .	first time caller is a song recorded by american country music artist juice newton .	house party is a song co-written and recorded by american singer sam hunt .	what can do with my heart is a song recorded by american country music artist juice newton .	when love comes around the bend is a song recorded by american country music artist juice newton .	you make me want to make you mine is a song written by dave loggins , and recorded by american country music artist juice newton .	the hanging tree is a song by american composer james newton howard featuring vocals from american actress jennifer lawrence .	downtown 's dead is a song co-written and recorded by american singer sam hunt .	sweet , sweet smile is a c w song composed by otha young and juice newton introduced by the carpenters on their 1977 album passage .	daddy do n't you walk so fast is a song written by peter callander and geoff stephens and performed by wayne newton .	tell me true is a song written by paul kennerley and brent maher , and recorded by american country music artist juice newton .	midnight hauler is a song written by wood newton and tim dubois , and recorded by american country music artist razzy bailey .	here in my heart is a 1997 song written by glen ballard and james newton howard and performed by chicago .	i want everyone to cry is a song written by wood newton and michael noble , and recorded by american country music group restless heart .	what i did n't do is a song written by wood newton and michael noble , and recorded by american country music artist steve wariner .	riding with private malone is a song written by wood newton and thom shepherd , and recorded by american country music artist david ball .	bobbie sue is a song written by wood newton , dan tyler and adele tyler , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .
dear ... / maybe is a double a-side released by japanese pop and r b singer-songwriter kana nishino .	best friend is a single released by japanese pop and r b singer-songwriter kana nishino .	rollercoaster is a song recorded by irish pop girl group b * witched for their debut album , b * witched ( 1998 ) .	light the universe is a song and a single made by the german power metal band helloween from their album keeper of the seven keys - the legacy .	the night is still young is a single by rock singer billy joel released as a new song from his greatest hits album greatest hits - volume i and ii .	you 're so pretty - we 're so pretty is a song by british band the charlatans ( known in the united states as the charlatans uk ) .	diary is a song written and produced by david gates , which was released by his band bread in 1972 , as a single and on the album baby i 'm - a want you .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	champion sound is a song by english big beat musician fatboy slim from his compilation album the greatest hits - why try harder .	what lovers do is a song by american pop rock band maroon 5 featuring american r b singer sza .	when i 'm good and ready is a 1993 song by american r b and pop singer-songwriter sybil .	jalousi is a song performed by danish pop , dance and r b singer and songwriter medina .	cherry , cherry is a song written , composed , and recorded in february - march 1966 by american musician neil diamond .	come back to me is a pop and r b song by japanese american pop singer utada .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .	giv slip is a song performed by danish pop , dance and r b singer and songwriter medina .	better in time is a pop and r b song performed by british singer leona lewis .	hvad der sker her is a song performed by danish r b , hip-hop and pop duo nik ras .
exile is a song by the irish singer enya .	old flame is a song written by donny lowery and mac mcanally , and recorded by american country music band alabama .	it 's you again is a song recorded by american country music group exile .	a tender lie is a song written by randy sharp and recorded by american country music band restless heart .	stand a little rain is a song written by donny lowery and don schlitz , and recorded by american country music group nitty gritty dirt band .	love is blind is a song by singer donny montell .	flying easy is a song from donny hathaway 's 1973 album , extension of a man .	how country feels is a song recorded by american country music artist randy houser .	made to worship is a song written by chris tomlin , ed cash and stephan sharp .	the box is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist randy travis .	the cheap seats is a song written by marcus hummon and randy sharp , and recorded by american country music group alabama .	tar top is a song written by randy owen , and recorded by american country music group alabama .	mountain music is a song written by randy owen , and recorded by american country music band alabama .	you will is a country song written by mary ann kennedy , pam rose , and randy sharp and recorded by anne murray .	alibis is a song written by randy boudreaux , and recorded by american country music artist tracy lawrence .	promises is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer randy travis .	we went is a song recorded by american country music artist randy houser .	feels so right is a song written by randy owen , and recorded by american country music band alabama .	tennessee river is a song written by randy owen , and recorded by american country music band alabama .	randy newman is the eponymous debut studio album by american singer-songwriter randy newman , released in 1968 by reprise records .
runaway baby is a song by american singer and songwriter bruno mars for his debut studio album doo-wops hooligans ( 2010 ) .	young girls is a song by american singer-songwriter bruno mars .	moonshine is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter bruno mars for his second studio album unorthodox jukebox ( 2012 ) .	wake up in the sky is a song by american rapper gucci mane , american singer bruno mars and american rapper kodak black .	it will rain is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter bruno mars .	locked out of heaven is a song by american singer and songwriter bruno mars from his second studio album , unorthodox jukebox ( 2012 ) .	just the way you are is the debut solo single by american singer-songwriter bruno mars .	attack is a song by american rock band thirty seconds to mars .	a beautiful lie is a song by american rock band thirty seconds to mars .	edge of the earth is a song by american rock band thirty seconds to mars .	chunky is a song by american singer and songwriter bruno mars from his third studio album 24k magic ( 2016 ) .	versace on the floor is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter bruno mars from his third studio album , 24k magic ( 2016 ) .	finesse is a song by american singer bruno mars from his third studio album , 24k magic ( 2016 ) .	24k magic is a song by american singer-songwriter bruno mars from his third studio album of the same name ( 2016 ) .	moving to mars is a song by british alternative rock band coldplay .	count every star is a song written by bruno coquatrix and sammy gallop and first released by ray anthony and his orchestra .	un mondo d'amore ( ' a world of love ' ) is a song composed by franco migliacci , sante maria romitelli it and bruno zambrini and performed by gianni morandi .	hello from mars was the latvian entry in the eurovision song contest 2003 , performed in english by f.l.y.	ich weiss , es wird einmal ein wunder geschehen is a song composed by bruno balz and michael jary , which was originally recorded by swedish actress and singer zarah leander .	almeno tu nell ` universo is a song written by bruno lauzi and maurizio fabrizio and recorded by italian singer mia martini , who released it as a single in 1989 and included the track in the album martini mia .
get enough is a song by english musician paul mccartney , released as a single on 1 january 2019 .	hobby hobby is a song recorded by german rapper mero , released on 18 january 2019 , through groove attack trax .	butterfly doors is a song recorded by american rapper lil pump , released on january 4 , 2019 , through warner bros .	face my fears is a song by japanese singer-songwriter hikaru utada and american musician skrillex , released on january 18 , 2019 by epic records japan .	be alright is a song by australian singer and songwriter dean lewis .	bruises is a song by scottish singer-songwriter lewis capaldi .	return to me is a song released in 1958 by dean martin .	crown victoria custom ' 51 is a song co-written by jerry lee lewis and released as a b side single by lewis in the u.s .	on an evening in roma is a song released in 1959 by dean martin .	canadian girls is a song written and recorded by canadian country music artist dean brody .	wildflower is a song written and recorded by canadian country music artist dean brody .	angel baby is a song released in 1958 by dean martin .	baby , hold me close is a song written by jerry lee lewis and bob tubert and released as a single by lewis in the u.s .	bounty is a song recorded by canadian country music artist dean brody .	the voyager is the third studio album by american singer-songwriter jenny lewis .	cowboy band is a song recorded by american country music artist billy dean .	bob marley is a song written and recorded by canadian country music artist dean brody .	solid gold is a song by dionne warwick , written by dean pitchford .	jimmy dean is a 1989 song performed by the swedish band troll .	the thing to do is an r b song by glenn lewis .
i got a car is a song recorded by american country music artist george strait .	adalida is a song recorded by american country music artist george strait .	run is a song written by anthony smith and tony lane , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .	i 'd like to have that one back is a song recorded by american country music artist george strait .	i believe is a song recorded by american country music singer george strait .	drinkin ' man is a song co-written and recorded by the american country music singer george strait .	blackjack county chain is a song written by red lane .	cold beer conversation is a song recorded by american country music artist george strait .	gone as a girl can get is a song written by jerry max lane and recorded by american country music artist george strait .	overnight success is a song written by sanger d. shafer and recorded by american country music artist george strait .	baby blue is a song written by aaron barker , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .	come see me and come lonely is a song written by red lane , and recorded by american country music artist dottie west .	miss emily 's picture is a song written by red lane , and recorded by american country music artist john conlee .	here for a good time is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer george strait .	what 's going on in your world the title of a song written by david chamberlain , royce porter and red steagall , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .	heartland is a song written by steve dorff and john bettis , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .	marina del rey is a song recorded by american country music artist george strait .	give it all we got tonight is a song recorded by american country music singer george strait .	am i blue is a song written by david chamberlain , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .	living for the night is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer george strait .
feels is a song recorded and produced by scottish dj calvin harris .	nuh ready nuh ready is a song recorded by scottish dj and record producer calvin harris .	hype is a song by english rapper dizzee rascal and scottish dj calvin harris .	rollin is a song by scottish dj and record producer calvin harris .	faking it is a song by scottish dj and record producer calvin harris .	heatstroke is a song by scottish dj and record producer calvin harris .	you used to hold me is a song by scottish dj calvin harris .	the girls is a song by scottish musician calvin harris .	merrymaking at my place is a song by scottish musician calvin harris .	iron is a song by nicky romero and calvin harris .	my way is a song by calvin harris .	promises is a song by scottish music producer calvin harris and english singer-songwriter sam smith .	giant is a song by scottish producer calvin harris and english singer and songwriter rag 'n' bone man .	ready for the weekend is a song by scottish recording artist calvin harris .	outside is a song by scottish dj and record producer calvin harris from his fourth studio album , motion ( 2014 ) .	one kiss is a song by scottish record producer calvin harris and english singer dua lipa .	slow acid is a song by scottish dj and producer calvin harris for his fourth studio album , motion ( 2014 ) .	let 's go is a song written and performed by scottish dj calvin harris and american singer ne-yo .	flashback is a song by scottish musician calvin harris from his second studio album , ready for the weekend ( 2009 ) .	we 'll be coming back is a song by scottish record producer calvin harris , featuring english singer example .
in my cabana is a song recorded by polish singer margaret .	just like a man is a song written by les reed and barry mason , and recorded by margaret whiting .	only my heart calling is a song from new zealand singer margaret urlich .	samantha is an electropop song performed by norwegian singer margaret berger .	number one ( remember when we danced all night ) is a song from new zealand singer margaret urlich .	human race is a song from new zealand singer margaret urlich .	'' ( i do n't want to be ) second best '' is a song from new zealand singer margaret urlich .	what you do is a song recorded by polish singer margaret for her third studio album , monkey business ( 2017 ) .	every little thing is a song from new zealand singer margaret urlich .	unforgettable is a song recorded by american country music singer thomas rhett .	one of our submarines is a song by british musician thomas dolby .	guilty people is a song by margaret urlich .	boy in the moon is a song from new zealand singer margaret urlich .	gon na make you mine is a song from new zealand singer margaret urlich .	t-shirt is a song recorded by american country music singer thomas rhett .	burnt sienna is a song from new zealand singer margaret urlich .	sixteen is a song by american country music singer thomas rhett .	marry me is a song recorded by american country music singer thomas rhett .	i dag i morgon is a pop song written by thomas g : son and calle kindbom .	hooked on a feeling is a 1968 pop song written by mark james and originally performed by b. j. thomas .
hand in my pocket is a rock 3 song by canadian recording artist and songwriter alanis morissette , for her third studio album , jagged little pill ( 1995 ) .	you learn is a song by canadian singer-songwriter alanis morissette from her third studio album , jagged little pill ( 1995 ) .	all i really want is a song written by alanis morissette and glen ballard , and produced by ballard for morissette 's third album , jagged little pill ( 1995 ) .	everything is a song written and recorded by canadian singer alanis morissette .	flinch is a song recorded by canadian singer-songwriter alanis morissette for her fifth studio album , under rug swept ( 2002 ) .	so pure is a rock song written and produced by alanis morissette and glen ballard for morissette 's fourth album supposed former infatuation junkie ( 1998 ) .	joining you is a song by alanis morissette on her 1998 album , supposed former infatuation junkie .	thank u is a song by canadian recording artist and songwriter alanis morissette , for her fourth studio album supposed former infatuation junkie ( 1998 ) .	promise is a song by r b group jagged edge .	21 things i want in a lover ( sometimes referred as just `` 21 things '' ) is a song recorded by canadian singer-songwriter alanis morissette for her fifth studio album , under rug swept ( 2002 ) .	surrendering is a song written by alanis morissette , and produced by her for her fifth album , under rug swept ( 2002 ) .	out is through is a song written by alanis morissette for her sixth studio album ( fourth internationally ) , so-called chaos .	so unsexy is a song written by alanis morissette , and produced by her for her fifth album , under rug swept ( 2002 ) .	eight easy steps is a rock song written by alanis morissette for her sixth studio album , so-called chaos .	precious illusions is a song written , recorded and produced by alanis morissette , for her fifth album under rug swept ( 2002 ) .	hands clean is a song recorded by canadian singer-songwriter alanis morissette , for her fifth studio album , under rug swept , which she released in 2002 .	utopia is a song written by alanis morissette , and produced by her for her fifth album , under rug swept ( 2002 ) .	not as we is a song from alanis morissette 's seventh studio album , flavors of entanglement .	wunderkind is a song written and recorded by alanis morissette and produced by mike elizondo for the soundtrack of the 2005 film the chronicles of narnia : the lion , the witch and the wardrobe .	underneath is a song recorded for alanis morissette 's seventh studio album , flavors of entanglement , which was produced by guy sigsworth .
golden brown is a song by the english rock band the stranglers .	hot ( i need to be loved , loved , loved , loved ) , is a funk song by james brown .	my thang is a funk song written and recorded by james brown .	diary is a song written and produced by david gates , which was released by his band bread in 1972 , as a single and on the album baby i 'm - a want you .	there it is is a funk song by james brown .	you 're so pretty - we 're so pretty is a song by british band the charlatans ( known in the united states as the charlatans uk ) .	gut bucket is a funk song performed by james brown .	the night is still young is a single by rock singer billy joel released as a new song from his greatest hits album greatest hits - volume i and ii .	light the universe is a song and a single made by the german power metal band helloween from their album keeper of the seven keys - the legacy .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	escape-ism is a funk song by james brown .	i got the feelin ' is a funk song by james brown .	champion sound is a song by english big beat musician fatboy slim from his compilation album the greatest hits - why try harder .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	get up , get into it , get involved is a funk song recorded by james brown .	keep it hot is a 1980 funk and disco song by cheryl lynn .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	brother rapp is a 1970 funk song written and performed by james brown .	cherry , cherry is a song written , composed , and recorded in february - march 1966 by american musician neil diamond .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .
do you see is a song by american hip hop artist warren g .	get up is a song by american recording artist nate dogg , released as the first single from his third self-titled studio album nate dogg ( 2003 ) .	boom is a song by west coast rapper snoop dogg and serves as the second official single from his eleventh studio album doggumentary .	back up is a song by american west coast hip hop recording artist snoop dogg .	i 'm from long beach is a song by american west coast hip hop recording artist snoop dogg .	still a g thang is a song by american rapper snoop dogg .	let 's get blown is a song by american west coast hip hop recording artist snoop dogg .	never leave me alone is a song by american singer-songwriter nate dogg , featuring vocals from rapper snoop doggy dogg .	just dippin ' is song by american west coast hip hop recording artist snoop dogg , taken from his fourth studio album , no limit top dogg ( 1999 ) .	ooh wee is a song by mark ronson featuring ghostface killah , nate dogg , trife and saigon .	21 questions is a song recorded by american rapper 50 cent featuring american rapper nate dogg .	the murda show is a 1993 song by west coast rapper spice 1 .	g bedtime stories is a song by american rapper snoop dogg .	shower is a song by american singer becky g .	gangsta party is a song by joe budden , featuring nate dogg and produced by scott storch .	girl like u is a song by american rapper snoop dogg , featuring guest vocals from singer nelly , taken from snoop dogg 's seventh studio album r g ( rhythm gangsta ) : the masterpiece ( 2004 ) .	sambuca is a song by british uk garage duo wideboys , featuring dennis g on vocals .	2 of amerikaz most wanted is a west coast hip hop song written by 2pac , snoop doggy dogg and daz dillinger for 2pac 's 1996 double album all eyez on me .	maria maria is a song by santana featuring the product g b. 1 the song was produced by wyclef jean and jerry duplessis .	same ol' g is a song by r b singer ginuwine .
the part where i cry is a song written by country music singer willie nelson .	half a man is a song written by country music singer willie nelson .	little old fashioned karma is a song written and recorded by american country music artist willie nelson .	three days is a song written by willie nelson .	why do i have to choose is a song written and recorded by american country music artist willie nelson .	man with the blues is a song by country music singer-songwriter willie nelson .	i never cared for you is a song written by country music singer willie nelson .	what a way to live is a song written by country music singer willie nelson .	faded love and winter roses is a song written by fred rose .	bloody mary morning is a song written by american country music singer-songwriter willie nelson .	touch me is a song written by country music singer willie nelson .	forgiving you was easy is a song written and recorded by american country music artist willie nelson .	pretty paper is a song written by country music singer-songwriter willie nelson in 1963 .	night life is a song written by country music singer-songwriter willie nelson .	no place for me was the debut recording song of country singer-songwriter willie nelson .	on the road again is a song written and made famous by country music singer willie nelson .	wake me when it 's over is a song written by country music singer willie nelson .	beer for my horses is a song recorded by american country music artists toby keith and willie nelson .	good hearted woman is a song written by country music singers waylon jennings and willie nelson .	the wall is a song written by country music singer willie nelson and producer buddy cannon .
bike is a song by british rock band pink floyd , which is the final track featured on their 1967 debut album , the piper at the gates of dawn .	matilda mother is a song by british band pink floyd , featured on their 1967 debut album , the piper at the gates of dawn .	the scarecrow is a song by pink floyd on their 1967 debut album the piper at the gates of dawn , 1 2 though it first appeared as the b-side of their second single `` see emily play '' ( as `` scarecrow '' ) two months before .	lucifer sam is a song by british band pink floyd , featured on their 1967 debut album the piper at the gates of dawn .	vegetable man is a song written by syd barrett for the english rock band pink floyd in 1967 .	dark globe ( also known as `` would n't you miss me '' ) 1 is a song by syd barrett , released on his first solo album the madcap laughs .	highness is a song by british indie rock band envy other sins from their debut studio album we leave at dawn .	here i go is a song by former singer/songwriter of pink floyd , syd barrett and is the sixth track on his first solo album , the madcap laughs .	ashes of the dawn is a song by english power metal band dragonforce .	terrapin is the opening song on syd barrett 's first solo album the madcap laughs .	walk of life is a song recorded by english singer billie piper .	mountain at my gates is a song by english rock band foals .	the day i met marie is a song by cliff richard , released as single in august 1967 .	aubrey is a song written and composed by david gates , and originally recorded by the soft rock group bread , of which gates was the leader and primary music producer .	make it with you is a song written by david gates and originally recorded by the pop-rock group bread , of which gates was a member .	the guitar man is a song written by david gates and originally recorded by the rock group bread , of which gates was a member .	it do n't matter to me is a song written by david gates and originally recorded by the pop-rock group bread , of which gates was a member .	i do n't get tired is a song by american hip hop recording artist kevin gates , and features american singer august alsina .	i remember love is a song written by peter hallström and sarah dawn finer , and performed by sarah dawn finer at melodifestivalen 2007 .	moving on is a song written by fredrik kempe and sarah dawn finer , and performed by sarah dawn finer at melodifestivalen 2009 , where it ended up 6th .
one brief moment is an ethnic electronica song performed by belgian singer natacha atlas .	leysh nat ' arak ( english : `` why are we fighting '' ) is a world music song performed by belgian singer natacha atlas .	l'égyptienne is a world music song performed by belgian singer natacha atlas and french group les négresses vertes .	le goût du pain is a world music song performed by belgian singer natacha atlas .	quand je ferme les yeux ( english : `` when i close my eyes '' ) is an electronic music song performed by belgian singer natacha atlas and myra boyle .	in this world is a song by american electronica musician moby .	atlas is a song by the american experimental rock band battles .	count to three is a song by american synthpop band red flag .	if i survive is a song by british electronica group hybrid , featuring julee cruise .	new york , new york is a song by american electronica musician moby .	atlas is a song by british rock band coldplay for the hunger games : catching fire -- original motion picture soundtrack , the soundtrack to the 2013 american science-fiction adventure film the hunger games : catching fire .	eple is a song by norwegian electronica duo röyksopp , released as their second single .	galaxies is a song by american electronica act owl city , released on april 19 , 2011 .	count me in is a song by american rock band 311 .	dear maria , count me in is a song by american rock band all time low .	count on me is a song written by don reid , and recorded by american country music group the statler brothers .	count me in is a song written by chuck jones and co-written and recorded by american country music artist deana carter .	i just came home to count the memories is a country music song written by glenn ray .	can i count on you is a song written by terry mcbride , bill carter and ruth ellsworth , and recorded by american country music group mcbride the ride .	do n't count the rainy days is a song written by victor careaga and wayland holyfield , and recorded by american country music artist michael martin murphey .
on the horizon is a song released by british singer-songwriter melanie c .	carousel is a song by american recording artist melanie martinez .	if that were me is a song by english recording artist melanie c .	yeh yeh yeh is a song by british singer-songwriter melanie c .	feels so good is a song by british recording artist melanie b .	first day of my life is a song by british singer-songwriter , melanie c .	what have they done to my song ma is a song by melanie .	the moment you believe is a song by british singer-songwriter , melanie c .	brand new key is a pop song written and sung by folk music singer melanie .	northern star is a song by british singer-songwriter , melanie c .	carolyna is a song by british singer-songwriter , melanie c .	i turn to you is a song by british singer-songwriter , melanie c .	next best superstar is a song by british recording artist melanie c .	melt is a song by british singer-songwriter melanie c .	here it comes again is a song by british singer-songwriter , melanie c .	this time is a song by british singer-songwriter melanie c .	today is a song by british singer-songwriter melanie brown .	better alone is a song by british singer-songwriter , melanie c .	understand is a song by british singer-songwriter , melanie c. written by melanie c and adam argyle , it was released as the fifth and final single from the album this time on 25 july 2008 .	melanie makes me smile is a 1969 song written by barry mason and tony macaulay .
the song `` backwater blues '' is a blues and jazz standard .	forty days and forty nights is a blues song recorded by muddy waters in 1956 .	worried life blues is a blues standard and one of the most recorded blues songs of all time .	i just want to make love to you is a 1954 blues song written by willie dixon , first recorded by muddy waters , 2 and released as `` just make love to me '' ( chess 1571 ) .	me and the devil blues is a blues song by robert johnson .	sweet 19 blues ( stylized as `` sweet 19 blues '' ) is a song recorded by japanese recording artist namie amuro .	you shook me is a 1962 blues song recorded by chicago blues artist muddy waters .	love in vain ( originally `` love in vain blues '' ) is a blues song written by american musician robert johnson .	the fletcher memorial home is a song by roger waters , performed by pink floyd .	hello ( i love you ) is a song performed by former pink floyd member roger waters .	mean old world is a blues song recorded by american blues electric guitar musician t-bone walker in 1942 .	i 'm ready is a blues song written by willie dixon and first recorded by muddy waters in 1954 .	madison blues is a blues song by american blues musician elmore james .	pony blues is a delta blues song recorded by blues musician charley patton .	still waters ( run deep ) is a song by the bee gees .	drag the waters is a song by american heavy metal band pantera .	muddy water is a song recorded by american country music artist trace adkins .	ghetto day / `` what i need '' is the second single from american singer-songwriter crystal waters ' second studio album , storyteller ( 1994 ) .	avellaneda blues is a song by the argentine blues rock band manal .	makin ' happy is a song by american singer crystal waters from her debut studio album surprise ( 1991 ) .
einmal verliebt , immer verliebt is a song written by robert jung and ralph siegel and recorded by peggy march in 1970 .	bridge to your heart is a song by english duo wax from their second studio album american english ( 1987 ) .	manta ray is an original song composed by j. ralph and anohni and performed by anohni .	thanks for the memory ( 1938 ) is a popular song composed by ralph rainger with lyrics by leo robin .	streets of london is a song by ralph mctell , who first recorded it for his 1969 album spiral staircase .	came here for love is a song by english dj and record producer sigala and english singer-songwriter ella eyre .	answerphone is a song recorded by canadian production duo banx ranx and english singer ella eyre featuring english rapper yxng bane .	lay down your arms is a rock song which charlotte caffey , ralph schuckett , and ellen shipley wrote and composed , and which shipley produced , for the graces ' album perfect view ( 1989 ) .	have yourself a merry little christmas , a song written by hugh martin and ralph blane , was introduced by judy garland in the 1944 mgm musical meet me in st .	do what i got ta do is a song performed by american contemporary r b singer ralph tresvant , issued as the third single from his eponymous debut album .	stone cold gentleman is a song performed by american contemporary r b singer ralph tresvant , issued as the second single from his eponymous debut album .	who knows who is a rap rock song by english the alternative rock band muse and the english hip hop artist mike skinner .	he got you is a song written by ralph murphy and bobby wood , recorded by american country music artist ronnie milsap .	learning to live ( without your love ) is a song by english singer rick astley and english singer o'chi brown .	polaroid is a song by english dj and record producer jonas blue , english singer liam payne and canadian singer lennon stella .	where is the love is a popular song written by ralph macdonald and william salter , and recorded by roberta flack and donny hathaway .	latch is a song by english electronic music duo disclosure , featuring vocals from english singer sam smith .	trigger bang is a song by english singer-songwriter lily allen , featuring english rapper giggs .	have mercy baby is a popular rhythm and blues song , written by billy ward and rose marks , recorded by the dominoes in cincinnati , produced by ralph bass , and released by federal records in 1952 .	stuff like that is a hit song with music and lyrics written by quincy jones , ashford simpson , steve gadd , eric gale , ralph macdonald and richard tee .
cold beer with your name on it is a song recorded by american country music artist josh thompson .	higher window is singer-songwriter josh groban 's third single for his fifth studio album illuminations .	hidden away is singer-songwriter josh groban 's first single for his fifth studio album illuminations .	amazing is a song written and recorded by american pop singer josh kelley .	hometown girl is a song recorded by american country music artist josh turner .	right here waiting is a song by american singer and songwriter richard marx .	now and forever is a song written , produced and performed by american rock singer-songwriter richard marx .	should 've known better is a hit song written , composed , and performed by american rock singer richard marx , who released in september 1987 as the second single from his self-titled debut album .	illuminations is the fifth studio album by american singer-songwriter josh groban , produced by rick rubin .	at the beginning is a song by donna lewis and richard marx , released as the first single from the anastasia soundtrack .	children of the night is a song written and recorded by richard marx , issued as the fifth and final single from his second album repeat offender .	love lights the world is song written by david foster and linda thompson , and produced by foster .	firecracker is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist josh turner .	1952 vincent black lightning is a song by guitarist richard thompson from his 1991 album rumor and sigh .	chains around my heart was a single by american singer songwriter richard marx , which was the last track of his 3rd studio album rush street .	higher state of consciousness is a song by american dj josh wink .	nothin ' you can do about it is a rock song recorded by richard marx for his second album , repeat offender .	one more time is a song by richard marx which he wrote for laura pausini .	even now is a 1978 song by american adult contemporary and pop music singer barry manilow .	adult education is a song by american duo daryl hall john oates , released as a single on february 18 , 1984 .
host of angels '' is a song recorded by australian singer and songwriter taylor henderson for his second studio album burnt letters .	moth into flame is a song by thrash metal band metallica and the second single from their tenth studio album , hardwired .	burnt sienna is a song from new zealand singer margaret urlich .	ark of suffering is a song by the american thrash metal band tourniquet .	already gone is a song recorded by australian singer and songwriter taylor henderson for his second studio album , burnt letters .	for whom the bell tolls is a song by american thrash metal band metallica .	madhouse is a song by the american thrash metal band anthrax .	raining blood is a song by the american thrash metal band slayer .	hot town is a song by australian musician jon english .	practice what you preach is a song by american thrash metal band testament , taken from their 1989 album practice what you preach .	hollywood seven is a song by australian singer jon english .	peace sells is a song by the american thrash metal band megadeth from the 1986 album peace sells .	the toxic waltz is a song by the american thrash metal band exodus , taken from their third studio album fabulous disaster .	the conjuring is a song by american thrash metal band megadeth from their 1986 album peace sells .	all nightmare long is a song by american thrash metal band metallica , released as their second single from their ninth album death magnetic .	whiskey lullaby is a song composed by bill anderson and jon randall .	all time low is a song by american singer jon bellion .	eyes of the insane is a 2006 song by the american thrash metal band slayer , taken from their 2006 album christ illusion .	trip at the brain is a song by american crossover thrash band suicidal tendencies .	i 'll find my way home is a song written by jon anderson and vangelis for the jon and vangelis ' 1981 album the friends of mr cairo .
1973 is a song by the english recording artist james blunt .	every little thing is a song by jeff lynne .	doin ' that crazy thing is a song by jeff lynne .	fool is a 1973 song by elvis presley .	elo kiddies is a song originally released by cheap trick on the 1977 album cheap trick .	sooner or later is a song recorded by jeff lynne , as the b-side of the single `` video ! ''	goin ' down to rio is a song by jeff lynne , b-side to `` doin ' that crazy thing '' .	dream brother : the songs of tim and jeff buckley is a studio album performed by various artists in tribute to 1960s musician tim buckley , and his son , also a musician , jeff buckley .	summertime is a song by american hip-hop duo dj jazzy jeff the fresh prince .	lipstick is a debut song co-written and recorded by american country music rockie lynne .	last goodbye is a 1994 song by singer-songwriter jeff buckley , from his album grace .	california blue is a song written by roy orbison , jeff lynne and tom petty , and recorded by roy orbison on the album mystery girl , released in 1989 .	anyone else is a song by british singer-songwriter matt cardle , co-written by cardle with jeff halatrax .	long , slow kisses is a song recorded by american country music artist jeff bates .	stand up is a song written by australian rock musician jimmy barnes and jeff neill .	forever autumn is a song written by jeff wayne , gary osborne and paul vigrass .	jingle jangle is a song written by jeff barry and andy kim and performed by the archies .	then he kissed me is a song written by phil spector , ellie greenwich and jeff barry .	tell me what he said is a 1960 pop song written by jeff barry .	sugar , sugar is a song written by jeff barry and andy kim .
ca n't b good is a song by american recording artist janet jackson , taken from her tenth studio album discipline ( 2008 ) .	if is a song by american singer janet jackson from her fifth album janet ( 1993 ) .	so excited is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter janet jackson featuring guest vocals from rapper khia .	nothing is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter janet jackson .	throb is a song by american singer janet jackson from her fifth studio album , janet ( 1993 ) .	young love is a song by american recording artist janet jackson from her self-titled debut album ( 1982 ) .	nasty is a song by american singer janet jackson from her third album control ( 1986 ) .	love will never do ( without you ) is a song recorded by american singer janet jackson , recorded for her fourth studio album janet jackson 's rhythm nation 1814 ( 1989 ) .	control is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter janet jackson for her third album control ( 1986 ) .	black cat is a song by american singer janet jackson , released as the sixth single from her fourth studio album , janet jackson 's rhythm nation 1814 ( 1989 ) .	unbreakable is a song recorded by american singer janet jackson for her eleventh studio album unbreakable ( 2015 ) .	rhythm nation is a song by american singer janet jackson , released as the second single from her fourth studio album janet jackson 's rhythm nation 1814 ( 1989 ) .	r b junkie is a song by american singer-songwriter janet jackson from her eighth studio album , damita jo ( 2004 ) .	alright is a song by american singer janet jackson from her fourth album janet jackson 's rhythm nation 1814 ( 1989 ) .	state of the world is a song recorded by american singer janet jackson for her fourth studio album , janet jackson 's rhythm nation 1814 ( 1989 ) .	miss you much is a song recorded by american singer janet jackson , released as the lead single from her fourth studio album janet jackson 's rhythm nation 1814 ( 1989 ) .	come back to me is a song by american singer janet jackson from her fourth studio album janet jackson 's rhythm nation 1814 ( 1989 ) .	one wish is a 1994 christmas song by american r b singer freddie jackson , from his album freddie jackson at christmas .	that 's the way love goes is a song by american singer janet jackson from her fifth album janet ( 1993 ) .	bad habits is an r b song by american r b singer maxwell .
i still believe is the fourth single from contemporary christian singer-songwriter jeremy camp 's first major label full-length album , stay , released on june 24 , 2003 .	lay down my pride is a song by christian rock singer jeremy camp .	tonight is a song written and performed by christian singer-songwriter jeremy camp .	walk by faith is a song by jeremy camp that reached number one on the hot christian songs billboard chart .	take you back is a song written and performed by christian singer-songwriter jeremy camp .	right here is a song written and performed by christian singer-songwriter jeremy camp .	let it fade is a song by contemporary christian musician jeremy camp from his album beyond measure .	this man is a song by jeremy camp .	jeremy is a song by the american rock band pearl jam , with lyrics written by vocalist eddie vedder and music written by bassist jeff ament .	confessin ' my love is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shawn camp .	tenting on the old camp ground ( also known as tenting tonight ) was a popular song during the american civil war .	introducing me was a song recorded by nick jonas for the camp rock 2 : the final jam soundtrack .	this is me is a song by demi lovato and joe jonas from the disney channel television film camp rock and was featured on the soundtrack of the same name as the second and final single .	fallin ' never felt so good is a debut song co-written and recorded by american country music artist shawn camp .	i need a miracle is a song by christian contemporary christian music southern rock and christian rock band third day from their eleventh studio album , miracle .	jeremy bender is a song by the progressive rock band emerson , lake palmer .	arlington is a song written by jeremy spillman and dave turnbull and recorded by american country music artist trace adkins .	back that thing up is a song written by jeremy stover and randy houser and recorded by american country music artist justin moore .	river of love is a song written by billy burnette , shawn camp and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .	how long gone is a song written by shawn camp and john scott sherrill and recorded by american country music duo brooks dunn .
fire is a song from lacuna coil 's sixth studio album dark adrenaline .	swamped is a song by the italian metal band lacuna coil .	panic and `` tainted love '' are songs recorded by british experimental music band coil .	pronto a correre ( english : ready to run ) is a song recorded by italian singer marco mengoni for his album #prontoacorrere .	si no te hubieras ido ( `` if you had n't left '' ) is a song written by mexican singer-songwriter marco antonio solís , which has been recorded by a number of performers .	come down is a 1997 song by the alternative rock group toad the wet sprocket , released as the first single from their album coil .	o me voy o te vas ( `` either i 'll go or you 'll go '' ) is a song written and recorded by marco antonio solís .	ti ho voluto bene veramente ( english : i really loved you ) is a song recorded by italian singer-songwriter marco mengoni for his album le cose che non ho .	wit licht ( english : `` white light '' ) is a single by dutch singer-songwriter marco borsato , from his album `` wit licht '' .	guerriero ( `` warrior '' ) is a song recorded by italian singer-songwriter marco mengoni for his album parole in circolo .	como tu mujer ( `` as your woman '' ) is a song written and produced by mexican singer-songwriter marco antonio solís and first recorded by spanish performer rocío dúrcal .	entre el mar y una estrella ( english : `` between the sea and a star '' ) is a pop song written by marco flores and recorded by thalía .	io canto is a song written by riccardo cocciante and marco luberti .	disperato is a 1990 song composed by marco masini , giancarlo bigazzi and giuseppe dati and recorded by marco masini .	mi deseo ( `` my wish '' ) is a song written , produced and performed by mexican singer-songwriter marco antonio solís as the lead member of the band los bukis .	solo por ti ( english : only for you ) is a song written by marco flores for paulina rubio 's fourth album planeta paulina released in 1996 .	l'angelo azzurro is a 1977 song composed by umberto balsamo ( music ) and cristiano malgioglio ( lyrics ) and performed by umberto balsamo .	só sei ser feliz assim ( `` only can be happy this way '' ) was the portuguese entry in the eurovision song contest 2001 , performed in portuguese by mtm ( standing for `` marco , tony and music '' ) , made up of portuguese singers marco quelhas , who also wrote the song , and tony jackson .	doo-whop is a song written by annerley gordon , alle benassi , daniela galli , marco benassi , and paul sears , and recorded by danish singer whigfield , as the eleventh song from the whigfield iii album .	non passerai is a song written by tobias gad , e. kidd bogart , lee dewyze and andrea regazzetti , recorded in 2013 by italian singer marco mengoni .
this missin ' you heart of mine is a song written by mike geiger and woody mullis , and recorded by american country music group sawyer brown .	i got a car is a song recorded by american country music artist george strait .	go on is a song written by mark nesler and tony martin , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .	i believe is a song recorded by american country music singer george strait .	cold beer conversation is a song recorded by american country music artist george strait .	i 'd like to have that one back is a song recorded by american country music artist george strait .	run is a song written by anthony smith and tony lane , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .	tight fittin ' jeans is a song written by michael huffman , and recorded by american country music artist conway twitty .	drinkin ' man is a song co-written and recorded by the american country music singer george strait .	marina del rey is a song recorded by american country music artist george strait .	here for a good time is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer george strait .	meanwhile is a song written by wayland holyfield and j. fred knobloch , and performed by american country music artist george strait .	heartland is a song written by steve dorff and john bettis , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .	baby blue is a song written by aaron barker , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .	the fireman is a song written by mack vickery and wayne kemp , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .	am i blue is a song written by david chamberlain , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .	living for the night is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer george strait .	give it all we got tonight is a song recorded by american country music singer george strait .	ace in the hole is a song written by dennis adkins , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .	love without end , amen is a song written by aaron barker , and recorded by american country music singer george strait .
nappy heads is a song performed by fugees , issued as the second single from the group 's debut album blunted on reality .	fu-gee-la is a song by the fugees .	sorry is a song by american hip hop recording artist t.i.	ready or not is a song by the american hip hop group fugees , from their second studio album the score ( 1996 ) .	roses is a song by american hip hop duo outkast .	shifftee is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	changes is a hip hop song by 2pac featuring talent .	girls is a song by british hip hop group n-dubz .	dey know ( sometimes called `` they know '' ) is a song by american hip hop recording artist shawty lo , released on december 4 , 2007 as his commercial debut single .	the heart part 4 is a song by american hip hop recording artist kendrick lamar .	hip hop hooray is a song by american hip hop group , naughty by nature .	react is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	set it off is song by american hip hop artist juvenile .	slam is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	hop is back is a song by american hip hop recording artist hopsin .	me-o-mi-o is a song by american hip hop artist casual .	u understand is song by american hip hop artist juvenile .	shoulder lean is a song by american hip hop recording artist young dro , released july 4 , 2006 as his debut single and the lead single from his debut studio album best thang smokin ' .	i 'll do 4 u is a song by american hip hop artist father mc , and features r b artist mary j. blige .	land of a million drums is a song by the american hip hop duo outkast featuring killer mike and sleepy brown , released on july 4 , 2002 .
cancer is a song by american rock band my chemical romance .	flowers on the grave is a song by swedish singer and songwriter september .	45 is a song by american rock band shinedown .	wonderboy is a song by american comedy duo tenacious d .	juligen , also known as nu är det juligen , is a hip hop christmas song from 1991 by just d , both released as a cd 1 and vinyl single .	fuck her gently is a 2001 tenacious d song .	rock star is a song by american funk rock band n * e * r * d .	pod ( also known as `` the pick of destiny '' ) is a song by american rock band tenacious d , featured on their 2006 second album the pick of destiny .	provider is a song by american funk rock band n * e * r * d from their debut studio album , in search of ...	cancer for the cure is a song by american rock band eels .	the metal is a song by tenacious d from their 2006 album the pick of destiny .	marchromt30a edit 2b 96 is a song by the english electronic musician richard d james , credited under the pseudonym aphex twin .	stars on 45 is a song issued in january 1981 by the studio group stars on 45 .	lapdance is a song by american funk rock band n * e * r * d from their debut studio album , in search of ...	king of new york is a song released in 1991 by philadelphia rapper schoolly d on the independent label capitol records .	oochy woochy is a song by graham coxon and was featured on his second solo album , the golden d .	c'mon and get my love is a song by british dance producer d mob , from his album a little bit of this , a little bit of that .	ladies hit squad is a song performed by english rapper skepta featuring vocals from d double e and asap nast .	w · o · l · d is a song written and performed by harry chapin .	goin ' through the big d is a song written by mark wright , john wright and ronnie rogers , and recorded by american country music artist mark chesnutt .
step into my world is a song by britpop band hurricane # 1 .	step into my world is a song by britpop band hurricane # 1 .	step into my world is a song by britpop band hurricane # 1 .	hurricane is a song by american singer and songwriter halsey .	oh , babe , what would you say is a song by record producer hurricane smith , written by his wife eileen sylvia smith and released in 1972 .	frederick is a song written by patti smith , and released as lead single from patti smith group 1979 album wave .	1959 is a rock song written by patti smith and tony shanahan , and released as a promo single from patti smith 1997 album peace and noise .	rock you like a hurricane is a song by german rock band scorpions .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	people have the power is a rock song written by patti smith and fred `` sonic '' smith , and released as a lead single from patti smith 1988 album dream of life .	summer cannibals is a rock song written by patti smith and fred `` sonic '' smith , and released as a lead single from patti smith 1996 album gone again .	somebody somewhere is a song recorded by canadian country rock artist dallas smith .	up there down there is a rock song written by patti smith and fred `` sonic '' smith .	glitter in their eyes is a rock song written by patti smith and oliver ray , and released as a promo single from patti smith 2000 album gung ho .	elliott smith is the second studio album by american singer-songwriter elliott smith .	elliott smith is the second studio album by american singer-songwriter elliott smith .	elliott smith is the second studio album by american singer-songwriter elliott smith .	free money is a rock song written by patti smith and lenny kaye , and first released on smith 's 1975 album horses .	ask the angels is a rock song written by patti smith and ivan kral , and released as a third single from patti smith group 1976 album radio ethiopia .	rock n roll nigger is a rock song written by patti smith and lenny kaye , and released on the patti smith group 's 1978 album easter .
feel flows is a song written by carl wilson and jack rieley for american rock band the beach boys .	a day in the life of a tree is a song written by brian wilson and jack rieley for the american rock group the beach boys .	you need a mess of help to stand alone is a song written by brian wilson and jack rieley for the american rock band the beach boys .	funky pretty is a song written by brian wilson , mike love , and jack rieley for american rock band the beach boys .	good timin ' is a song written by brothers brian and carl wilson for the american rock band the beach boys .	dance , dance , dance is a song composed by brian and carl wilson with lyrics by brian wilson and mike love for the american rock band the beach boys .	little pad is a song written by brian wilson for the american rock band the beach boys .	darlin ' is a song written by brian wilson and mike love , recorded by american rock band the beach boys with carl wilson on lead vocal .	friends is a song written by brian wilson , carl wilson , dennis wilson and al jardine for the american rock band the beach boys .	whistle in is a song written by brian wilson for american rock band the beach boys .	solar system is a song written by brian wilson for the american rock band the beach boys .	river song is a song written by dennis wilson and his younger brother carl wilson .	drive-in is a song written by brian wilson and mike love for american rock band the beach boys .	you 're welcome is a song written by brian wilson for american rock band the beach boys .	slip on through is a song written by dennis wilson for the american rock band the beach boys .	wind chimes is a song composed by brian wilson for the american rock band the beach boys .	spirit of america is a song written by brian wilson and roger christian for the american pop band the beach boys .	with me tonight is a song written by brian wilson for the american rock band the beach boys .	with me tonight is a song written by brian wilson for the american rock band the beach boys .	in the back of my mind is a song written by brian wilson and mike love for american rock band the beach boys , first released on their 1965 album the beach boys today !
workin ' man blues is a song written and performed by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	the fightin ' side of me is a song written and performed by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	branded man is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	mama tried is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	grandma harp is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	daddy frank ( the guitar man ) is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	i ca n't be myself is a song written and performed by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	i wonder if they ever think of me is a song written and recorded by the american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	the legend of bonnie and clyde ' is a song written by american country music artists merle haggard and bonnie owens and performed by haggard and the strangers .	swinging doors is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	the emptiest arms in the world is a song written and performed by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	sing me back home is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	carolyn is a song written by tommy collins , and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	the bottle let me down is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	if we make it through december is a song written and recorded by american country music singer merle haggard and the strangers .	movin ' on is a song written and recorded by american country music singer merle haggard and the strangers .	i threw away the rose is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	always wanting you is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	hungry eyes is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .	everybody 's had the blues is a song written and recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers .
my girl is a song by american rock musician donnie iris from his 1981 album king cool .	love is like a rock is a song by american rock musician donnie iris from his 1981 album king cool .	iris is a song by american alternative rock band goo goo dolls .	injured in the game of love is a song by american rock musician donnie iris from his 1985 album no muss ... no fuss .	the high and the mighty is a song by american rock musician donnie iris and is the title track to his 1982 album , the high and the mighty .	tough world is a song by american rock musician donnie iris from his 1982 album the high and the mighty .	that 's the way love ought to be is a song by pittsburgh rock musician donnie iris .	i ca n't hear you is a song by american rock musician donnie iris from his 1980 album back on the streets .	your love is a miracle is a song written by bill kenner and mark wright , and recorded by american country music singer mark chesnutt .	dig is a song by australian rock musician , mark lizotte .	last romance is a song by australian singer songwriter mark holden .	setting me up is a song written by mark knopfler .	industrial disease is a song by british rock band dire straits , written by mark knopfler .	follow your daughter home is a song written by burton cummings , donnie mcdougall , garry peterson , bill wallace , and kurt winter and performed by the guess who .	we had it all is a song written by troy seals and donnie fritts and originally recorded by waylon jennings on his 1973 album , honky tonk heroes .	nothin ' at all is a song written by mark mueller ( words music ) and recorded by rock band heart .	thank god for believers is a song co-written by mark alan springer , roger springer and tim johnson and was recorded by the american country music singer mark chesnutt .	it 's not over is a song written by mark wright and larry kingston , and recorded by american country music singer mark chesnutt .	goin ' through the big d is a song written by mark wright , john wright and ronnie rogers , and recorded by american country music artist mark chesnutt .	blame it on texas is a song written by ronnie rogers and mark wright , and recorded by american country music singer mark chesnutt .
different world is a song by norwegian dj and producer alan walker , k-391 and sofia carson featuring corsak .	faded is a song by norwegian record producer and dj alan walker .	swear is a song recorded by chinese singer alan .	remember when is a song written and recorded by american country music artist alan jackson .	country boy is a song composed and recorded by american country music artist alan jackson .	muskrat love is a soft rock song written by willis alan ramsey .	sissy 's song is a song written and recorded by american country music singer alan jackson .	chattahoochee is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist alan jackson .	do n't rock the jukebox is a song co-written and performed by american country music artist alan jackson .	old and wise is a 1982 song by the alan parsons project from the album eye in the sky .	so close is a song written by composer alan menken and lyricist stephen schwartz for walt disney pictures ' enchanted .	drive ( for daddy gene ) is a song written and recorded by american country music singer-songwriter alan jackson .	time is a song released in 1981 as a single by the alan parsons project .	games people play is a 1980 song by the alan parsons project .	hopeless is a song written by alan jeffreys and doc pomus and performed by andy williams .	celebrate is a song written by gary bonner and alan gordon and performed by three dog night .	jukebox babe is a song by alan vega , released as a single in 1981 by celluloid records .	cheree is a song by the synthpop band suicide , written by its members martin rev and alan vega .	where corn do n't grow is a song written by roger murrah and mark alan springer .	do n't answer me is a 1984 song by the alan parsons project from the album ammonia avenue .
where i wan na be is a song by american r b singer donell jones .	better start talking is a song by american singer donell jones .	better start talking is a song by american singer donell jones .	u know what 's up is a song by american r b singer donell jones .	love like this is a song by r b singer-songwriter donell jones .	i do n't need it is a song performed by r b singer jamie foxx from his third studio album , intuition .	you changed me is a song by american recording artist jamie foxx featuring chris brown .	dreamer is a song by american r b singer-songwriter chris brown produced by troy `` r8dio '' johnson .	do n't think they know is a song by american r b recording artist chris brown .	808 is an r b song released in 1999 by american r b girl group , blaque .	cadillac ranch is a song written by chuck jones and chris waters , and recorded by american country music artist chris ledoux .	i do is an r b song released in 1999 by the american r b vocal trio , blaque .	either way is a song by american r b singer k. michelle featuring chris brown .	i 'm good is an r b song released in 2004 by american r b vocal trio , blaque .	'' ( your love keeps lifting me ) higher and higher '' is an r b song written by gary jackson and carl smith , and produced by carl davis .	piss factory is a protopunk song written by patti smith and richard sohl , and released as a b-side on smith 's debut single `` hey joe '' in 1974 .	winter wonderland is a song written in 1934 by felix bernard and lyricist richard b. smith .	come home to me is an r b song by american r b singer miki howard .	bad habits is an r b song by american r b singer maxwell .	baby , be mine is an r b song by the american r b singer miki howard .
cozy little christmas is a christmas song by american singer katy perry .	christmas song is mannheim steamroller 's eighth christmas album overall and the group 's fifth christmas studio album .	christmas in the sand is a christmas song recorded by american singer-songwriter colbie caillat .	christmas time is a christmas song by american vocal group backstreet boys .	christmas wrapping is a christmas song by the american new wave band the waitresses .	island in the sun is a song written by harry belafonte and irving burgie ( lord burgess ) , and performed by harry belafonte for the 1957 film island in the sun and on his 1957 album belafonte sings of the caribbean .	christmas day is a christmas song by michael w. smith featuring mandisa , from smith 's third christmas album , it 's a wonderful christmas ( 2007 ) .	white christmas blue is the second christmas album by american country music singer-songwriter loretta lynn .	give this christmas away is a christmas song by american contemporary christian musician and singer-songwriter matthew west from his 2011 christmas album the heart of christmas .	every year , every christmas is a 1995 christmas song by american recording artist luther vandross .	it 's christmas day is a christmas song by south korean singer-songwriter roy kim .	it 's christmas time again is a christmas song by american vocal group backstreet boys .	harry styles is the eponymous debut studio album by english singer and songwriter harry styles .	harry styles is the eponymous debut studio album by english singer and songwriter harry styles .	harry styles is the eponymous debut studio album by english singer and songwriter harry styles .	harry styles is the eponymous debut studio album by english singer and songwriter harry styles .	harry styles is the eponymous debut studio album by english singer and songwriter harry styles .	harry styles is the eponymous debut studio album by english singer and songwriter harry styles .	christmas time is here is a popular christmas song written by lee mendelson and vince guaraldi for the 1965 tv special a charlie brown christmas , 1 one of the first animated christmas specials produced for network tv in the united states .	turn around is a song written by malvina reynolds , alan greene , and harry belafonte and made popular by dick and dee dee .
christmas eve is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter gwen stefani for her fourth studio album , you make it feel like christmas ( 2017 ) .	my gift is you is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter gwen stefani for her fourth studio album , you make it feel like christmas ( 2017 ) .	you make it feel like christmas is a song by american singer gwen stefani for her 2017 holiday album of the same name .	under the christmas lights is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter gwen stefani for her fourth studio album , you make it feel like christmas ( 2017 ) .	p.o.w.a ( pronounced `` power '' ) is a song by british musician m.i.a. , released on 8 february 2017 by interscope records .	cover me is a song by depeche mode , released on october 6 , 2017 via columbia label .	sacrifices is a song by canadian rapper drake from his album , more life ( 2017 ) .	santa 's coming for us is a song written by sia and greg kurstin and released on 30 october 2017 as the lead single from sia 's eighth studio album and first christmas album , everyday is christmas .	50 song memoir is the eleventh studio album by american indie pop band the magnetic fields , released on march 10 , 2017 .	doctor is a song recorded by belgian singer loïc nottet , released on 30 october 2017 by sony music entertainment .	i love you but i 'm lost is a song by tears for fears , released as a single in october 2017 .	take a knee , my ass ( i wo n't take a knee ) is an american country song recorded by country music artist neal mccoy , and was released on november 10 , 2017 .	you 're so pretty - we 're so pretty is a song by british band the charlatans ( known in the united states as the charlatans uk ) .	ice melts is a song by canadian rapper drake from his album , more life ( 2017 ) .	ai n't nothing is a song by american rapper juicy j , released on february 3 , 2017 as the second official single from his fourth solo studio album rubba band business ( 2017 ) .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	cherry , cherry is a song written , composed , and recorded in february - march 1966 by american musician neil diamond .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .
dancing your memory away is a song recorded by american country music artist charly mcclain .	radio heart is a song written by stephen allen davis and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist charly mcclain .	sleepin ' with the radio on is a song written by stephen allen davis , and recorded by american country music artist charly mcclain .	sentimental ol' you is a song written by bob dipiero and pat mcmanus , and recorded by american country music artist charly mcclain .	with you is a song written ronald muir and larry shell , and recorded by american country music artist charly mcclain .	the very best is you is a song written by frank stephens and larry shell , and recorded by american country music artist charly mcclain .	have i got a deal for you is a song written by michael p. heeney and jackson leap , and recorded by american country music artist reba mcentire .	surround me with love is a song written by wayland holyfield and norro wilson , and recorded by american country music artist charly mcclain .	when it 's down to me and you is a song written by stephen allen davis and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artists charly mcclain and wayne massey .	with just one look in your eyes is a song written by stephen allen davis and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artists charly mcclain and wayne massey .	you are my music , you are my song is a song written by david erwin and jim carter , and recorded by american country music artists charly mcclain and wayne massey .	god must be busy is a song written by clint daniels and michael p. heeney , and recorded by american country music duo brooks dunn .	crying shame is a song co-written by american country music artist michael johnson .	calling all the monsters is a song performed by american pop recording artist china anne mcclain .	ponies is a song recorded by american country music artist michael johnson .	forever is a song recorded by american country music artist john michael montgomery .	superbad is a song by the english dubstep producers flux pavilion and doctor p .	boyfriend # 2 is a song by american r b singer pleasure p .	did you wrong is a song by american r b singer pleasure p .	juste une p ` tite chanson is a song by les enfoirés released in 2017 .
hold on is a song recorded by american vocal group wilson phillips .	release me is a song written and recorded by wilson phillips , their second single from their debut album wilson phillips .	you 're in love is a 1991 song by the pop rock band wilson phillips .	you wo n't see me cry is a song by american group wilson phillips from their second studio album , shadows and light ( 1992 ) .	raging fire is a song by american recording artist phillip phillips , from his second studio album , behind the light .	love and mercy is a song written by brian wilson and the opening track to his 1988 debut solo album brian wilson .	safe in my garden is a song written by john phillips , and recorded by the mamas and the papas .	here in my heart is a 1997 song written by glen ballard and james newton howard and performed by chicago .	paul phillips is an english singer-songwriter , journalist at music week , and a former a r man and record producer at cbs records .	gone , gone , gone is a song recorded by american recording artist phillip phillips from his debut album the world from the side of the moon .	all i really want is a song written by alanis morissette and glen ballard , and produced by ballard for morissette 's third album , jagged little pill ( 1995 ) .	your imagination is a song written by brian wilson , joe thomas and steve dahl for brian wilson 's 1998 solo album imagination .	river song is a song written by dennis wilson and his younger brother carl wilson .	friends is a song written by brian wilson , carl wilson , dennis wilson and al jardine for the american rock band the beach boys .	darlin ' is a song written by brian wilson and mike love , recorded by american rock band the beach boys with carl wilson on lead vocal .	life happened is a song written by kerry kurt phillips and patrick jason matthews , and recorded by american country music artist tammy cochran .	sugartime is a popular song written by charlie phillips and odis echols and published in 1957 .	kokomo is a song written by john phillips , scott mckenzie , mike love , and terry melcher and recorded by american rock band the beach boys .	go where you wan na go is a 1965 song written by john phillips .	lift him up that 's all is a gospel blues song recorded in 1927 by washington phillips .
home town is a song by the british new wave musician joe jackson .	in 20-0-3 is a song by the british musician joe jackson .	breaking us in two is a song by british musician joe jackson .	i 'm the man is a song written and performed by joe jackson , appearing on the album of the same name .	i 'm the man is a song written and performed by joe jackson , appearing on the album of the same name .	big world is a 1986 live album of original songs by joe jackson .	sunday papers is a song by the british new wave musician joe jackson .	gee baby is a song originally released by the duo joe ann ( joe joseph and ann cole ) .	gee baby is a song originally released by the duo joe ann ( joe joseph and ann cole ) .	steppin ' out is a song written by joe jackson , originally included on his 1982 album night and day .	real men is a song by british singer-songwriter and musician joe jackson , released in 1982 as the lead single from his fifth studio album night and day .	one more time is a song by the british new wave musician joe jackson .	got the time is a song written and performed by the british new wave musician joe jackson , appearing as the closing track on his 1979 debut album , look sharp !	dallas is a song written by american country music artists alan jackson and keith stegall , and recorded by jackson .	it 's different for girls is a song by joe jackson appearing on his 1979 album , i 'm the man .	doctor , my eyes is a 1972 song written and performed by jackson browne and included on his debut album jackson browne .	ca n't let her get away is a song by michael jackson produced by michael jackson and teddy riley .	stranger than fiction is a song by british singer-songwriter and musician joe jackson , released in 1991 as the second single from his ninth studio album laughter lust .	black slacks is a song written by joe bennett and jimmy denton and performed by joe bennett the sparkletones .	jim jackson 's kansas city blues is a 1927 song , written and recorded by the american blues musician jim jackson .
baby jump is a popular song , released as a single in 1971 by mungo jerry .	et moi , et moi , et moi is the debut single by french singer-songwriter jacques dutronc , released in 1966 .	la publicité is a 1967 single by french singer-songwriter jacques dutronc .	van lingle mungo is a song composed and performed by jazz pianist dave frishberg .	les play boys is the second single by french singer-songwriter jacques dutronc , released in 1966 .	les cactus is the third single by french singer-songwriter jacques dutronc , released in 1967 .	ko-ko joe is a song written and recorded by american country artist jerry reed .	strange brew is a song by the british rock band cream .	like a river runs is a song by american indie pop act bleachers , originally appearing on their 2014 album strange desire .	mozambique is a song written by bob dylan and jacques levy that was originally released on dylan 's 1976 album desire .	autumn leaves is a popular song and jazz standard composed by joseph kosma with lyrics by jacques prévert .	amsterdam is a song by jacques brel .	my friend is a song performed by croatian singer jacques houdek .	jacky ( la chanson de jacky ) ( translation : the song of jacky ) is a song written by the belgian singer-songwriter jacques brel and gérard jouannest .	jacques a dit is the name of a 2007 song recorded by the french singer christophe willem .	ne me quitte pas ( `` do n't leave me '' ) is a 1959 song by belgian singer-songwriter jacques brel .	mon amie la rose is a poem written by cécile caulier and jacques lacome , originally performed in song by french singer françoise hardy in 1964 .	i am what i am is a song written by victor willis , henri belolo , peter whitehead and jacques morali that was first released by the village people on their 1978 album macho man .	i am what i am is a song written by victor willis , henri belolo , peter whitehead and jacques morali that was first released by the village people on their 1978 album macho man .	catfish is a song written bob dylan and jacques levy .
eric carmen is the debut album by american rock and roll musician and singer-songwriter eric carmen .	hey deanie is a song written by eric carmen .	never gon na fall in love again is a song co-written and recorded by american pop rock artist eric carmen .	tonight carmen is a song written and recorded by american country music artist marty robbins .	it hurts too much is a 1980 song by eric carmen .	that 's rock 'n' roll is a song written and originally recorded by eric carmen in 1976 .	all by myself is a song by american artist eric carmen released in 1975 .	she did it is a song written and originally recorded by eric carmen in 1977 .	carmen is a stromae song , sixth single from the album racine carrée .	power company is a song written and performed by eric burdon .	anything is a song performed by eric burdon the animals in 1967 .	springsteen is a song recorded by american country music artist eric church .	opus is a song by swedish dj and producer eric prydz .	pilgrim is a pop rock song written by the british musicians eric clapton and simon climie .	'' ( i ) get lost '' is a pop song written and recorded by the british rock musician eric clapton .	monterey is a 1967 song by eric burdon the animals .	girl from sweden is a song by swedish singer eric saade .	sleepless is an english language song performed by swedish singer eric saade .	easy now is a pop rock song , written by the british rock musician eric clapton .	sting is a 2015 song by swedish singer eric saade .
we are the world is a song recorded by the dutch group twenty 4 seven .	we are the champions is a song by the british rock band queen , first released on their 1977 album news of the world .	who we are is a song by american rock band imagine dragons .	let 's pretend we 're married is a song by american musician prince from his 1982 album 1999 .	dead star and `` in your world '' are songs by english rock band muse .	if we are the body is a song recorded by christian rock band casting crowns .	we are family is a song recorded by american vocal group sister sledge .	we all wan na be prince is a song performed by american recording artist felix da housecat .	we are here is a song by american recording artist alicia keys .	rebels are we is a song by american r b band chic .	we are your tomorrow is a song by swedish singer david lindgren .	we are one is a song by ukrainian singer sofia tarasova .	leysh nat ' arak ( english : `` why are we fighting '' ) is a world music song performed by belgian singer natacha atlas .	we are glass is a song by the british singer gary numan .	we are all prostitutes is a song by english post-punk band the pop group .	the way we are is a song by english recording artist alesha dixon .	we are all americans ( allegiance ) is a song written during world war i with music composed by carrie jacobs-bond and lyrics written by fanny hodges newman .	we are one is a song by the american hard rock group kiss released on their 1998 album psycho circus .	here we are again is a song by american rock group the beau brummels .	we are all on drugs is a song by american alternative rock band weezer .
mine is a song by american recording artist beyoncé featuring canadian rapper drake .	the heart part 4 is a song by american hip hop recording artist kendrick lamar .	i ( stylized as `` i '' ) ( also known as `` i love myself '' ) is a song by american rapper kendrick lamar .	backseat freestyle is a song by american rapper kendrick lamar .	superpower is a song recorded by american singer beyoncé , featuring frank ocean from her fifth studio album , beyoncé ( 2013 ) .	love a woman is a song recorded by american r b singer mary j. blige featuring beyoncé from the former 's tenth studio album my life ii .	summertime is a song by american singer beyoncé featuring american rapper p. diddy .	sidewalks is a song by canadian singer the weeknd , featuring american rapper kendrick lamar , from his third studio album starboy ( 2016 ) .	give it 2 u is a song by american singer-songwriter robin thicke , featuring a guest appearance from american rapper kendrick lamar .	see me now is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west featuring r b singers beyoncé and charlie wilson .	all the stars is a song recorded by american rapper kendrick lamar and american singer sza .	money trees is a song by american rapper kendrick lamar , taken from his major label debut studio album good kid , m.a.a.d city ( 2012 ) .	m.a.a.d city ( stylized `` m.a.a.d city '' ) is a song by american rapper kendrick lamar , from his second studio album good kid , m.a.a.d city ( 2012 ) .	a.d.h.d is a song by american rapper kendrick lamar , taken from his debut studio album , section .80 ( 2011 ) .	the blacker the berry is a song by american rapper kendrick lamar .	alright is a song by american rapper kendrick lamar , taken from his third album to pimp a butterfly ( 2015 ) .	it 's on again is a song by american recording artist alicia keys , featuring american rapper kendrick lamar .	king kunta is a song by american hip hop recording artist kendrick lamar , taken from his third album , to pimp a butterfly ( 2015 ) .	square biz is a song by american r b singer , teena marie .	new freezer is a song by american rapper rich the kid featuring kendrick lamar , released as the lead single to rich the kid 's debut album the world is yours .
angel eyes is a song by canadian duo denis and denyse lepage ( then husband and wife ) recording as lime .	death disco is a song by public image ltd .	sound of our hearts is a song by hungarian group compact disco .	disco 's revenge is a song recorded by american house producer gusto .	y.m.c.a. is a song by the american disco group village people .	san francisco ( you 've got me ) is a disco song by the american disco group village people .	disco lies is a song by american electronica musician moby .	let yourself go is a disco song recorded by the supremes .	disco inferno is a song by american rapper 50 cent .	disco duck is a satirical disco novelty song performed by rick dees and his cast of idiots .	i love the nightlife ( disco ` round ) is a popular disco song recorded by alicia bridges in 1978 .	disco romancing is a song by romanian artist elena gheorghe .	asshole is a song by american comedian denis leary , released as the only single from his album no cure for cancer in 1993 .	disco inferno is a song by american disco band the trammps from their 1976 fourth studio album of the same name .	get off is a song by american disco band foxy , released in 1978 .	lose you is an italo disco song written by peaches and simian mobile disco , and produced by simian mobile disco .	go west is a song by the american disco group village people .	ring my bell is a 1979 disco song written by frederick knight .	shake your groove thing is a song by disco duo peaches herb .	disco la passione is a 1996 song by chris rea .
the inner light is a song by the english rock group the beatles , written by george harrison .	soft-hearted hana is a song by english rock musician george harrison from his 1979 album george harrison .	soft touch is a song by english rock musician george harrison from his 1979 album george harrison .	not guilty is a song by english rock musician george harrison from his 1979 album george harrison .	devil 's radio is a song written by george harrison that was first released on harrison 's 1987 album cloud nine .	if you believe is a song by english musician george harrison from his 1979 album george harrison .	faster is a song by english rock musician george harrison from his self-titled 1979 studio album .	ride rajbun is a song by english musician george harrison .	life itself is a song by english musician george harrison from his 1981 album somewhere in england .	bangla desh is a song by english musician george harrison .	this song is the fourth track on george harrison 's 1976 album thirty three 1/3 .	cheer down is a song by english musician george harrison that was first released in 1989 .	be here now is a song by english rock musician george harrison from his 1973 album living in the material world .	circles is a song by english rock musician george harrison , released as the final track of his 1982 album gone troppo .	blow away is a song by english musician george harrison that was released in february 1979 on his album george harrison .	this is love is a song by english rock musician george harrison that was released on his 1987 album cloud nine .	love comes to everyone is a song by english musician george harrison that was released as the opening track of his 1979 album george harrison .	teardrops is a song by english rock musician george harrison from his 1981 album somewhere in england .	wake up my love is a song by english rock musician george harrison from his 1982 album gone troppo .	here comes the moon is a song by english musician george harrison from his 1979 album george harrison .
mic checka is a song by american hip hop group das efx recorded for their debut album dead serious ( 1992 ) .	straight out the sewer is a song by american hip hop group das efx recorded for their debut album dead serious ( 1992 ) .	baknaffek is a song co-written 2 and performed by american hip hop group das efx , issued as the second single from their second studio album straight up sewaside .	show out is a song by american hip hop recording artist juicy j .	f with u is a song by american hip hop recording artist kid ink .	exhibit c is a song by american hip hop recording artist and record producer jay electronica .	back up is a song by american west coast hip hop recording artist snoop dogg .	i 'm from long beach is a song by american west coast hip hop recording artist snoop dogg .	bandz a make her dance is a song by american hip hop recording artist juicy j .	let 's get blown is a song by american west coast hip hop recording artist snoop dogg .	girls is a song by british hip hop group n-dubz .	hip hop hooray is a song by american hip hop group , naughty by nature .	1955 is a song by australian hip hop group , hilltop hoods .	changes is a hip hop song by 2pac featuring talent .	rotate is a song by american east coast hip hop duo capone-n-noreaga , released as the lead single from their third studio album channel 10 .	yamborghini high is a song by american hip hop collective asap mob featuring american rapper juicy j .	hop is back is a song by american hip hop recording artist hopsin .	react is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	slam is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	strong again is a song by british hip hop trio , n-dubz .
jewish princess is a song by frank zappa released on his album sheik yerbouti in 1979 .	dancin ' fool is a song by frank zappa from his 1979 album sheik yerbouti .	duodenum is a song by frank zappa that first appeared as part of `` lumpy gravy part one '' on the verve records edition of lumpy gravy .	cosmik debris is a song by american composer frank zappa , from his 1974 album apostrophe ( ' ) .	wind up workin ' in a gas station is the opening song on frank zappa 's album zoot allures .	brown shoes do n't make it is a song by the mothers of invention , written by band leader frank zappa .	the torture never stops is a song by frank zappa from the 1976 album zoot allures .	a token of my extreme , by frank zappa , is a song on the 1979 concept album joe 's garage -lsb- part ii -rsb- .	stand up comedy is a song by irish rock band u2 .	my guitar wants to kill your mama is a song written by frank zappa and originally recorded by the mothers of invention in 1969 .	absolutely free is a song written by frank zappa and released on the mothers of invention album we 're only in it for the money in 1968 .	a little green rosetta , by frank zappa , is the final song on the 1979 concept album joe 's garage acts ii iii .	generation sex is a song by the divine comedy .	montana is a song composed by frank zappa for his 1973 lp over-nite sensation .	i just had sex is a song by american comedy hip hop group the lonely island featuring american singer akon and producer dj frank e .	dragon slayer is a song written and performed by american comedy rock band ninja sex party .	bad ambassador is a song by the divine comedy .	willie the pimp is a blues rock song from frank zappa 's 1969 album hot rats .	camarillo brillo is a song by frank zappa and the mothers and was first included on his 1973 lp over-nite sensation .	the toronto song is a comedy song by canadian comedy group three dead trolls in a baggie .
international bright young thing is a song by the british alternative dance band jesus jones .	jesus ' son is a song by the english alternative rock band placebo .	reverence is a song by the scottish alternative rock group the jesus and mary chain and the first single from the group 's album honey 's dead .	i hate rock 'n' roll is a song by the scottish alternative rock group the jesus and mary chain .	sweet release is a song by alternative rock group live , which was released as the second single from their 2003 album , birds of pray .	april skies is a song by the scottish alternative rock group the jesus and mary chain and the first single from the group 's album darklands .	sometimes always is a song by the scottish alternative rock group the jesus and mary chain and the first single from the group 's album stoned dethroned .	bitter sweet symphony is a song by english alternative rock band the verve .	love 's sweet exile is a song by welsh alternative rock band manic street preachers .	jeepster is a song by english glam rock act t. rex .	you trip me up is a song by the scottish alternative rock band the jesus and mary chain from their 1985 debut album psychocandy .	sidewalking is a song by scottish alternative rock band the jesus and mary chain .	just like honey is a song by the scottish alternative rock band the jesus and mary chain from their 1985 debut album psychocandy .	laser love is a song by english glam rock act t. rex .	i love rock 'n' roll is a song by the scottish alternative rock group the jesus and mary chain and the second single from the group 's album munki .	come on is a song by the scottish alternative rock group the jesus and mary chain and the second single from the group 's album stoned dethroned .	head on is a song written by jim reid and william reid of the scottish alternative rock band the jesus and mary chain .	london boys is a song by english glam rock act t. rex .	all i want is a 1992 song by alternative rock band toad the wet sprocket from their successful 1991 album fear .	sha-la-la-la-la is a song recorded by danish glam rock band walkers .
another time ( andrew 's song ) is a song by american singer annaleigh ashford and her close friend and music artist , will van dyke .	walk on by is a song written by kendall hayes and performed by american country music artist leroy van dyke .	and the cradle will rock ... is a song written and performed by van halen .	child is father of the man is a song written by brian wilson and van dyke parks .	second go is the third single from canadian singer-songwriter lights debut album the listening .	ice is the second single from canadian singer-songwriter lights from her debut album the listening .	the auctioneer ( also known as `` the auctioneer 's song '' ) is a 1956 country song by leroy van dyke .	heroes and villains is a song written and produced by brian wilson with words by van dyke parks , recorded by the american rock band the beach boys .	easy now is a pop rock song , written by the british rock musician eric clapton .	love is easy is a song by the british power pop band , badfinger .	easy come , easy go is a song first recorded by elvis presley as part of the soundtrack for his 1967 motion picture easy come , easy go .	i will return is a pop song written by joe camilleri , jeff burstin and tony faehse and recorded by australian blues , rock and r b band jo jo zep the falcons .	surf 's up is a song written by brian wilson and van dyke parks for american rock band the beach boys .	you 've got a good love comin ' is a song written by van stephenson , jeff silbar and danny morrison , and recorded by american country music artist lee greenwood .	do n't let me down is a pop song written by richard stannard , julian gallagher , d. morgan , will young and simon hale , and performed by will young .	she 's goin ' bald is a song written by brian wilson , mike love , and van dyke parks for the beach boys ' 1967 album , smiley smile .	easy come , easy go is a song written by aaron barker and dean dillon , and recorded by american country music artist george strait .	tell me what he said is a 1960 pop song written by jeff barry .	easy come , easy go is a song by polish band 2 plus 1 , released in 1979 by autobahn records .	all my life is a song written by dave robbins , jeff silbar , and van stephenson , and recorded by american country music artist kenny rogers .
just a girl is a song by american band no doubt for their third studio album , tragic kingdom ( 1995 ) .	spiderwebs is a song by american band no doubt for their third studio album , tragic kingdom ( 1995 ) .	do n't speak is a song by the american ska band no doubt from their third studio album tragic kingdom ( 1995 ) .	sunday morning is a song recorded by american rock band no doubt .	get it together is a song by american r b group 702 recorded for the group 's debut album no doubt ( 1996 ) .	new is a song by american rock band no doubt , written by band members gwen stefani and tom dumont for the go soundtrack ( 1999 ) .	steelo is the hit debut song by american r b group 702 recorded for the group 's debut album no doubt ( 1996 ) .	simple kind of life is a song written by gwen stefani for no doubt 's fourth album return of saturn ( 2000 ) .	running is a song by the american ska band no doubt from their fifth studio album rock steady ( 2001 ) .	all i want is a song by american r b group 702 recorded for the group 's debut album no doubt ( 1996 ) .	trapped in a box is a 1992 song by american rock band no doubt .	ex-girlfriend is a song by american ska band no doubt from their fourth studio album return of saturn ( 2000 ) .	settle down is a song by american rock band no doubt .	hey baby is a song by the american ska band no doubt from their fifth studio album rock steady ( 2001 ) .	hella good is a song by the american ska band no doubt from their fifth studio album rock steady ( 2001 ) .	push and shove is a song by american rock band no doubt , released as a promotional single from their sixth studio album of the same name .	making out is a song by american band no doubt for their fifth studio album , rock steady ( 2001 ) .	ai n't no doubt is a 1992 song by english singer-songwriter , actor , film producer , and television writer jimmy nail .	underneath it all is a song by the american ska band no doubt from their fourth studio album rock steady ( 2001 ) .	no doubt about it is a song written by john scott sherrill and steve seskin , and recorded by american country music artist neal mccoy .
so nice is a song by english musician james cottriall , from his first studio album sincerely me .	dance dance dance is a song by english musician james cottriall .	world is a song by james brown .	smile is a song by english musician james cottriall , from his second studio album love is louder .	stand up is a song by english musician james cottriall , from his upcoming second studio album love is louder .	miss etta james : the complete modern and kent recordings is a compilation album of songs by etta james recorded for the modern and kent labels .	reality is a song recorded by james brown .	star generation is a song recorded by james brown .	highway song is a song written by james taylor .	the living daylights is a song performed by norwegian pop group a-ha for the 1987 james bond film of the same name .	hard times is a song written by james taylor .	hard times is a song written by james taylor .	soul power is a song by james brown .	je réalise is a pop duet between french singer sinik and british singer-songwriter james blunt .	something in the way she moves is a song written by james taylor that appeared on his 1968 debut album for apple records , james taylor .	three times in love is a song written by tommy james and ron serota and performed by james .	hooked on a feeling is a 1968 pop song written by mark james and originally performed by b. j. thomas .	escape-ism is a funk song by james brown .	just came back is a song by colin james .	everybody 's happy now is a world war i song written by james kendis , james brockman , and nat vincent in 1918 .
handsome is a song from english indie rock band the vaccines .	the room is a song by scottish indie rock band the twilight sad .	new song is a song by the american indie rock band warpaint .	wraith is a song from indie rock quartet peace .	pleader is a song by british indie rock band alt-j .	host is a song by british indie rock band the crocketts .	undertow is a song by the american indie rock band warpaint .	broken leg is an indie rock song written and recorded by australian indie rock band bluejuice .	greek tragedy is a song from indie rock band the wombats .	adeline is a song by british indie rock band alt-j .	demons is a song by american indie rock band the national .	disappointed is a song by american indie rock band ivy .	pompeii is a song by english indie rock band bastille .	in the morning is a song by english indie rock band the coral .	ooh la is a song by british indie rock band the kooks .	all the time is a song by american indie rock band the strokes .	naïve is a song by british indie rock band the kooks .	the fallen is a song by scottish indie rock band franz ferdinand .	james dean-esque is a song by british indie rock band the crocketts .	the moneymaker is a song by american indie rock band rilo kiley .
only if ... is a song by the irish artist enya .	may it be is a song by irish recording artist enya .	exile is a song by the irish singer enya .	evening falls ... is a song by irish singer , songwriter and musician enya .	dark side is a single recorded by american singer and songwriter phoebe ryan .	little dark age is a song by american rock band mgmt .	living in the plastic age ( on some releases simply listed as `` the plastic age '' ) is a synthpop song written , performed and produced by the buggles .	together is a song by irish singer ryan o'shaughnessy .	the age of love is a song by german group scooter .	heart flow is a song by belgian dance singer kate ryan .	age of consent is a song by new order .	mon cœur résiste encore is a song by belgian artist kate ryan .	age of reason is a song by australian pop rock singer john farnham .	stop is a song by ryan adams and the cardinals from their album cardinology .	be real is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter phoebe ryan .	thrift shop is a song by american hip hop duo macklemore ryan lewis .	act your age is a song by australian hip hop trio bliss n eso .	guys my age is a song by american rock band hey violet .	the eyes of truth is a 1994 song by the german new age band enigma .	desire is a song by ryan adams from his 2002 album demolition .
one ( always hardcore ) is a song by german musical group scooter .	friends is a song by the german group scooter .	posse ( i need you on the floor ) is a song by the german band scooter .	hyper hyper is a song by german band scooter .	fuck the millennium is a song by german group scooter .	faster harder scooter is a song by german group scooter .	i 'm raving is a song by german group scooter .	endless summer is a song by the german group scooter .	call it what you want is a 1991 song by new kids on the block .	i 'll be loving you ( forever ) is a 1989 ballad song from new kids on the block .	lay up under me is a song performed by american recording artist and producer sean garrett for his debut studio album , turbo 919 ( 2008 ) .	shorty is a song by american rock band the get up kids .	soundtrack to summer is a song by new zealand boy band titanium .	switch up is a song by american hip hop recording artist big sean .	hang me up to dry is a song by american indie rock band cold war kids .	0 to 100 / the catch up is a song recorded by canadian rapper drake .	big on love is a song by australian new wave rock band models .	all the kids are right is a song by american rock band local h .	flashlight is a song recorded by british singer and songwriter jessie j for the soundtrack to the film pitch perfect 2 ( 2015 ) .	old love / new love is a song by american singer-songwriter twin shadow featuring d'angelo lacy .
hedonism ( just because you feel good ) is a song by british rock group skunk anansie .	weak is a song by skunk anansie , released as their fourth single .	secretly is a song by skunk anansie and the second single from their album post orgasmic chill .	lately is a song by skunk anansie , released as the third single from their album post orgasmic chill .	selling jesus is a song by skunk anansie , released as their debut single .	you 'll follow me down is a song by skunk anansie , released as the final single from post orgasmic chill .	all i want is a song by skunk anansie , released as the first single from their second album , stoosh .	sheena is a punk rocker is a song by the punk rock group the ramones .	skin is a song by american rock band breaking benjamin .	new skin is a song by american alternative rock band incubus and was released as the second single from its second album , s.c.i.e.n.c.e.	skin on skin is a song by german singer -- songwriter sarah connor from her second studio album , unbelievable ( 2002 ) .	dead skunk is a 1972 novelty song by loudon wainwright iii .	skin up pin up and `` flourella '' are two songs by the english alternative rock band mansun .	onion skin is a song by australian band , boom crash opera .	snake skin shoes is a song by australian blues and rock band the black sorrows .	responsibility is a song by punk rock band , mxpx .	days go by is a pop punk song by the american punk rock band the offspring .	hit that is a pop punk song released by the american punk rock band the offspring .	punk rock song is a song written by greg graffin from the punk rock group bad religion .	somebody 's needin ' somebody is a song written by len chera , and recorded by american country music artist conway twitty .
years is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .	nobody 's angel is a song recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	take it easy is a song performed by american country music artist crystal gayle .	the sound of goodbye is a song written by hugh prestwood and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	nobody is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist sylvia .	when i dream is a song written by sandy mason theoret , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	the woman in me is a song written by susan marie thomas , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	like nothing ever happened is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist sylvia .	snapshot is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist sylvia .	nobody should have to love this way is a song recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	sweet yesterday is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan and recorded by american country music artist sylvia .	give me wings is a song written by kye fleming and don schlitz , and recorded by american country music artist michael johnson .	i was country when country was n't cool is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .	i 'll get over you is a song written by richard leigh , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	easy to please is a song written by kent robbins and kye fleming , and recorded by american country music artist janie fricke .	turning away is a song written by tim krekel , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	crackers is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell .	tumbleweed is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music artist sylvia .	there you are is a song written by mike reid and kye fleming , and recorded by american country music artist willie nelson .	smoky mountain rain is a song written by kye fleming and dennis morgan , and recorded by american country music singer ronnie milsap .
good times is a song written and recorded by sam cooke , released as single in 1964 .	a change is gon na come is a song by american recording artist sam cooke .	shake is a song written and recorded by sam cooke .	twistin ' the night away is a song written and recorded by sam cooke .	having a party is a song by american singer-songwriter sam cooke , released on may 8 , 1962 by rca victor .	cupid is a song by american singer sam cooke , released on may 16 , 1961 .	only sixteen is a song by american singer-songwriter sam cooke , released in may 1959 .	sad mood is a song by american singer-songwriter sam cooke , released on november 8 , 1960 by rca victor .	i do n't ever want to see you again is a song performed by american contemporary r b singer uncle sam .	nothing can change this love is a song by american singer-songwriter sam cooke .	chain gang is a song by the american singer-songwriter sam cooke , released on july 26 , 1960 .	lonely island is a song by american singer-songwriter sam cooke , released on march 24 , 1958 by keen records .	bring it on home to me is a song by american soul singer sam cooke , released on may 8 , 1962 by rca victor .	somebody have mercy is a song by american singer-songwriter sam cooke , originally released in april 1962 on the album twistin ' the night away .	you send me is a song written and originally recorded by american singer sam cooke , released as a single in 1957 by keen records .	tribute to the lady is the third studio album by american singer-songwriter sam cooke , released in 1959 .	i 'll come running back to you is a song by american singer-songwriter sam cooke , released november 18 , 1957 by specialty records .	that 's it -- i quit -- i 'm movin ' on is a song recorded by american singer sam cooke , released on february 14 , 1961 by rca victor .	without a map is a song by canadian musician sam roberts .	you were made for me is a song by american singer-songwriter sam cooke , released on march 24 , 1958 by keen records .
ai n't talkin ' ` bout love is a song by american rock band van halen .	ai n't thinkin ' ` bout you is a song by rapper bow wow .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	ai n't talkin ' ` bout dub is a song by english electronic music group apollo 440 .	nuthin ' but a ` g ' thang is a song by american rapper dr .	when the ` yanks ' come marching home is a world war i era song released in 1917 .	talkin ' ` bout a revolution is the second single from singer-songwriter tracy chapman 's self-titled debut album .	theme song from ` which way is up ' was a hit song by r b female vocal group stargard .	do n't be messin ' ` round is a song by american recording artist michael jackson .	living doll is a song written by lionel bart made popular by cliff richard and the shadows ( then still ` the drifters ' ) in 1959 .	adiós amor ( english : ` goodbye my love ' ) is a song written by salvador garza and is the debut single by mexican singer christian nodal .	everything starts with an ` e ' is a song by e-zee possee featuring vocals from mc kinky .	'' ` pride n joy ' '' is a song written by american rapper fat joe .	talkin ' ` bout you is a song written by ray charles .	'' ` let me down easy ' '' is a 1965 song recorded by american soul singer bettye lavette .	je t ` aime , je t ` aime , je t ` aime is a song by french singer johnny hallyday from his 1974 studio album je t ` aime , je t ` aime , je t ` aime .	'' ` movin ' on '' is a song written and recorded by english girl group bananarama .	the goonies ` r ' good enough is a 1985 song by american singer cyndi lauper .	'' ` crimen ' '' ( spanish for crime ) is a song written and recorded by argentine rock musician gustavo cerati .	'' ` face the face ' '' is a song by pete townshend .
amsterdam is a song by jacques brel .	ne me quitte pas ( `` do n't leave me '' ) is a 1959 song by belgian singer-songwriter jacques brel .	les play boys is the second single by french singer-songwriter jacques dutronc , released in 1966 .	chanson d'amour ( `` love song '' ) is a popular song written by wayne shanklin .	my friend is a song performed by croatian singer jacques houdek .	et moi , et moi , et moi is the debut single by french singer-songwriter jacques dutronc , released in 1966 .	cherry , cherry is a song written , composed , and recorded in february - march 1966 by american musician neil diamond .	la ballade des gens heureux is a song by gérard lenorman , released in 1975 .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	autumn leaves is a popular song and jazz standard composed by joseph kosma with lyrics by jacques prévert .	la publicité is a 1967 single by french singer-songwriter jacques dutronc .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	juste une p ` tite chanson is a song by les enfoirés released in 2017 .	jacques a dit is the name of a 2007 song recorded by the french singer christophe willem .	là c'est die is a song by ridsa from the album tranquille .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	tu es toujours là ( english : `` you 're always there '' ) is a 2002 song recorded by australian singer tina arena .	les cactus is the third single by french singer-songwriter jacques dutronc , released in 1967 .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .	catfish is a song written bob dylan and jacques levy .
half heaven -- half heartache is a song released by gene pitney in 1962 .	sometime is a song written by gene thomas , originally released by venus records in 1961 .	only love can break a heart is the title of a popular song from 1962 , performed by the american singer-songwriter gene pitney .	'' ( the man who shot ) liberty valance '' is a song written by burt bacharach and hal david , which was released by gene pitney in 1962 .	baby ai n't that fine is a song written by dallas frazier that was recorded as a duet between american country artists melba montgomery and gene pitney .	it hurts to be in love is a song written by howard greenfield and helen miller which was a top ten hit in 1964 for gene pitney .	the jukebox played along is a song recorded by american country music artist gene watson .	snowbird is a song by the canadian songwriter gene maclellan .	drive ( for daddy gene ) is a song written and recorded by american country music singer-songwriter alan jackson .	unholy is a song by the american hard rock band kiss , written by gene simmons and vinnie vincent .	be-bop-a-lula is a rockabilly song first recorded in 1956 by gene vincent and his blue caps .	love touch is a song performed by rod stewart and written by gene black , holly knight and mike chapman .	tower of strength is a song written by burt bacharach and bob hilliard and performed by gene mcdaniels .	the call is a song written by gene maclellan and performed by anne murray .	lotta lovin ' is a song written by bernice bedwell and performed by gene vincent and his blue caps .	sweet gene vincent is a song and single by ian dury .	before my heart finds out is a 1978 single and hit song by gene cotton .	deuce is a song by the american hard rock band kiss , written by bassist and vocalist gene simmons .	everybody needs a hero is a song recorded by american country music artist gene watson .	crazy beat is a 1963 song by gene vincent , written by j. fallin and j. rhodes .
christmas in my heart is a song by german singer -- songwriter sarah connor .	from sarah with love is a song by german recording artist sarah connor .	from zero to hero is a song by german recording artist sarah connor .	real love is a song by the german recording artist sarah connor .	last christmas is a song by english pop duo wham !	augen auf ( german : eyes opened ) is a song by german recording artist sarah connor .	cold as ice is a song by german recording artist sarah connor .	christmas day is a christmas song by michael w. smith featuring mandisa , from smith 's third christmas album , it 's a wonderful christmas ( 2007 ) .	living to love you is a song by german singer -- songwriter sarah connor from her fourth studio album , naughty but nice ( 2005 ) .	i 'll kiss it away is a song by german recording artist sarah connor .	just one last dance is a song by german recording artist sarah connor , taken from her third studio album , key to my soul ( 2003 ) .	under my skin is a song by german recording artist sarah connor from her sixth studio album , sexy as hell ( 2008 ) .	if u were my man is a song by german singer -- songwriter sarah connor from her debut album , green eyed soul ( 2001 ) .	bounce is a song by german recording artist sarah connor , taken from her second studio album , unbelievable ( 2002 ) .	skin on skin is a song by german singer -- songwriter sarah connor from her second studio album , unbelievable ( 2002 ) .	i saw mommy kissing santa claus is a christmas song with music and lyrics by british songwriter tommie connor .	french kissing is a song by german singer-songwriter sarah connor from her debut album , green eyed soul ( 2001 ) .	he 's unbelievable is a song by german singer-songwriter sarah connor from her second studio album , unbelievable ( 2002 ) .	this christmas is a song by american soul musician donny hathaway released in 1970 by atco records .	sarah vaughan sings the mancini songbook is a 1965 album by sarah vaughan , of music composed by henry mancini .
do n't walk away is a song by american r b group jade .	soldier is a song recorded by australian singer samantha jade .	firestarter is a song recorded by australian singer samantha jade .	always is a song by australian recording artist , samantha jade .	armour is a song recorded by australian singer samantha jade .	i know is a new jack swing song by south korean boy group seo taiji and boys .	sweet talk is a song recorded by australian singer samantha jade .	swing when you 're winning is a swing cover album by english singer-songwriter robbie williams , and his fourth studio album overall .	swing life away is a song by american rock band rise against .	captain jack is a song by the german eurodance group captain jack .	cherokee maiden is a western swing love song written by cindy walker .	notgonnachange is a 1992 song by swing out sister .	take me back to tulsa is a western swing standard song .	swing , swing is a song by american rock band the all-american rejects , released as their debut single from their self-titled debut studio album on december 2 , 2002 .	have you had your love today is a new jack swing song 1 by the o'jays , released as a single in 1989 .	strawberry swing is a song by british rock band coldplay .	for the cool in you is a song co-written , 3 co-produced 4 and performed by american contemporary r b singer babyface .	faded love is a western swing song written by bob wills , his father john wills , 1 and his brother , billy jack wills .	live and learn is a song by american new jack swing group joe public , released in 1992 as the second single from their self-titled debut album .	swing is a 2012 song by slovak hip hop band amo .
spectre is a song by the english rock band radiohead , produced by nigel godrich .	jigsaw falling into place is a song by the english rock band radiohead , produced by nigel godrich .	harry patch ( in memory of ) is a song by the english alternative rock band radiohead .	knives out is a song by english rock band radiohead .	airbag is a song by the english rock band radiohead .	true love waits is a song by the english alternative rock band radiohead .	all i need is a song by english alternative rock band radiohead , produced by nigel godrich , and released on their seventh studio album in rainbows ( 2007 ) .	the daily mail and `` staircase '' are songs by the english alternative rock band radiohead .	these are my twisted words is a song by the english alternative rock band radiohead .	there there is a song by the english rock band radiohead .	true love waits : christopher o'riley plays radiohead is the first tribute album by classical pianist christopher o'riley of songs by the alternative rock band radiohead .	pop is dead is a song by the british alternative rock band radiohead .	house of cards is a song by english rock band radiohead from their seventh studio album in rainbows ( 2007 ) .	idioteque is a song by the english rock band radiohead , released on their fourth album , kid a ( 2000 ) .	planet telex is a song written by radiohead and is the opening track of their 1995 album the bends .	fake plastic trees is a song by the english alternative rock band radiohead from their second studio album the bends ( 1995 ) .	high and dry is a song by the english alternative rock band radiohead , released as the first single from their second studio album the bends ( 1995 ) .	karma police is a song by the english alternative rock band radiohead , released as the second single from their third album ok computer ( 1997 ) on 25 august 1997 .	man of war is a song by the english rock band radiohead , released as a download on 22 june , 2017 .	paranoid android is a song by the english alternative rock band radiohead , released as the lead single from their third studio album ok computer ( 1997 ) on 26 may 1997 .
suffocate is a song by american r b singer j. holiday .	it 's yours is a song by american r b singer j. holiday .	promise is a song by r b group jagged edge .	just the way you like it is a song performed by american contemporary r b singer tasha holiday , issued as the lead single from her debut album of the same name .	why r u is a song performed by american r b singer amerie .	rap song is a song by r b singer t-pain .	honey love a song by american r b singer r. kelly and american r b group public announcement .	joy is a song by american r b group blackstreet .	teach your children is a song by graham nash .	808 is an r b song released in 1999 by american r b girl group , blaque .	holler is a song by r b singer ginuwine .	stingy is a song by r b singer ginuwine .	do n't wan na try is a song by r b singer frankie j .	i do is an r b song released in 1999 by the american r b vocal trio , blaque .	addicted is a song by r b singer danny fernandes .	i 'm good is an r b song released in 2004 by american r b vocal trio , blaque .	come home to me is an r b song by american r b singer miki howard .	sentado à beira do caminho is a brazilian song composed by roberto carlos and erasmo carlos and released as a single in may 1969 by erasmo carlos .	bad habits is an r b song by american r b singer maxwell .	baby , be mine is an r b song by the american r b singer miki howard .
ai n't talkin ' ` bout love is a song by american rock band van halen .	the cover of ` rolling stone ' is a song written by shel silverstein and first recorded by american rock group dr .	ai n't thinkin ' ` bout you is a song by rapper bow wow .	ai n't talkin ' ` bout dub is a song by english electronic music group apollo 440 .	nuthin ' but a ` g ' thang is a song by american rapper dr .	theme song from ` which way is up ' was a hit song by r b female vocal group stargard .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	when the ` yanks ' come marching home is a world war i era song released in 1917 .	talkin ' ` bout a revolution is the second single from singer-songwriter tracy chapman 's self-titled debut album .	do n't be messin ' ` round is a song by american recording artist michael jackson .	'' ` pride n joy ' '' is a song written by american rapper fat joe .	'' ` movin ' on '' is a song written and recorded by english girl group bananarama .	everything starts with an ` e ' is a song by e-zee possee featuring vocals from mc kinky .	je t ` aime , je t ` aime , je t ` aime is a song by french singer johnny hallyday from his 1974 studio album je t ` aime , je t ` aime , je t ` aime .	'' ` crimen ' '' ( spanish for crime ) is a song written and recorded by argentine rock musician gustavo cerati .	'' ` let me down easy ' '' is a 1965 song recorded by american soul singer bettye lavette .	the goonies ` r ' good enough is a 1985 song by american singer cyndi lauper .	'' ` face the face ' '' is a song by pete townshend .	talkin ' ` bout you is a song written by ray charles .	trav ` lin ' light is a 1942 song composed by trummy young and jimmy mundy with lyrics by johnny mercer .
young boy is a song by paul mccartney and is the fifth track on his 1997 album flaming pie .	beautiful night is a song by paul mccartney and is the 13th track on his 1997 album flaming pie .	wild honey pie is a short song by the beatles written by paul mccartney 3 ( credited to lennon -- mccartney ) and released on the beatles ( also known as the `` white album '' ) .	flying to my home is a song written by paul mccartney .	silly love songs is a song written by paul mccartney and linda mccartney and performed by wings .	press is a song by paul mccartney .	my love is a love song by paul mccartney and wings ; it was written by paul mccartney as a tribute to his first wife linda .	dear boy is a song from the paul mccartney album ram .	wonderful christmastime is a 1979 christmas song by paul mccartney .	sally g is a song written by paul and linda mccartney and performed by paul mccartney and wings .	hello , goodbye is a song by the english rock band the beatles , written by paul mccartney and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	temporary secretary is a song by paul mccartney , featured on his 1980 album mccartney ii .	coming up is a song written and performed by paul mccartney .	love of the loved is a song written mainly by paul mccartney , credited to lennon -- mccartney .	helen wheels is a song by paul mccartney and wings .	maybe i 'm amazed is a song written by paul mccartney that was first released on his 1970 album mccartney .	lady madonna is a song by the beatles , written by paul mccartney and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	zoo gang is a song composed by paul and linda mccartney and performed by paul mccartney and wings .	hey jude is a song by english rock band the beatles , written by paul mccartney and credited to lennon -- mccartney .	no words is a song written by paul mccartney and denny laine , and first released on 7 december 1973 on band on the run by paul mccartney and wings .
bread and butter is a 1964 song by the newbeats .	break away ( from that boy ) is a song written by louis `` dean '' mathis and marcus f. mathis and performed by the newbeats .	running scared is a song written by roy orbison and joe melson and sung by orbison .	only the lonely ( know the way i feel ) is a 1960 song written by roy orbison and joe melson .	smoke is a song by australian rock band eskimo joe .	blue bayou is a song written by roy orbison and joe melson .	everything 's alright is a song written by john d. loudermilk and performed by the newbeats .	walkaway joe is a song written by vince melamed and greg barnhill , and recorded by american country music singer trisha yearwood , with background vocals from don henley of the eagles .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	hit and run is a pop song written by joe camilleri , jeff burstin and tony faehse and recorded by australian blues , rock and r b band jo jo zep the falcons .	i 'll pin a note on your pillow is a song written by carol w. berzas jr. , don goodman , and nelson larkin , and recorded by american country music artist billy joe royal .	so young is a pop song written by joe camilleri , jeff burstin and tony faehse and recorded by australian blues , rock and r b band jo jo zep the falcons .	shape i 'm in is a pop song written by joe camilleri , jeff burstin and tony faehse and recorded by australian blues , rock and r b band jo jo zep the falcons .	superstar is a song written by cutfather , joe belmaati , and remee , and performed by danish pop singer christine milton .	i will return is a pop song written by joe camilleri , jeff burstin and tony faehse and recorded by australian blues , rock and r b band jo jo zep the falcons .	break it to me gently is a pop song written by blues musician joe seneca with lyrics by diane lampert .	don juan is a latin pop song by colombian recording artist fanny lu .	life in the fast lane is a song written by joe walsh , glenn frey and don henley and recorded by the american rock band the eagles on their 1976 studio album hotel california .	someone wake me up is a 2010 pop song by singer joe mcelderry .	changing partners is a pop song with music by larry coleman and lyrics by joe darion , published in 1953 .
instinct is a 1996 song by rock group crowded house .	i feel possessed is a rock song written by neil finn and performed by australian band crowded house for their album temple of low men .	everything is good for you is a 1996 song by rock group crowded house .	weather with you is a song by rock band crowded house .	sister madly is a 1988 song by rock group crowded house .	mean to me is a 1986 song by rock group crowded house .	private universe is a 1993 song by rock group crowded house from the group 's fourth studio album together alone .	fingers of love is a 1994 song by rock group crowded house from the group 's fourth studio album together alone .	chocolate cake is a 1991 song by new zealand rock group crowded house from their 1991 album woodface .	nails in my feet is a 1993 song by rock group crowded house .	do n't dream it 's over is a song by the australian rock band crowded house , recorded for their 1986 self-titled debut studio album .	into temptation is a 1988 song by rock group crowded house .	locked out is a 1993 song by rock group crowded house , from the group 's fourth studio album together alone .	it 's only natural is a 1991 song by australian rock group crowded house from their 1991 album woodface .	fall at your feet is a 1991 song by crowded house , from their 1991 album woodface .	now we 're getting somewhere is a 1986 song by rock group , crowded house .	when you come is a song by rock group crowded house and was released in august 1988 on capitol records as the second australian single from their second album temple of low men .	sinner is the debut solo single by new zealand singer/songwriter , neil finn , released in 1998 .	rock the house is a song by dutch house producer afrojack .	next door to an angel is a rock and pop song written by neil sedaka and howard greenfield and recorded by neil sedaka in 1962 .
hey now is a song by american recording artist lesley gore .	sunshine , lollipops and rainbows is a popular song sung by lesley gore .	i do n't wan na be a loser is a song written by ben raleigh and mark barkan and performed by lesley gore .	judy 's turn to cry is a song written by beverly ross 1 and edna lewis that was originally released by lesley gore in 1963 .	california nights is a song written by marvin hamlisch and howard liebling and recorded by lesley gore .	bermuda triangle is a song by barry manilow , from his album barry .	then he kissed me is a song written by phil spector , ellie greenwich and jeff barry .	barry live in britain is the eleventh album released by singer and songwriter barry manilow .	lights is the debut studio album by english singer and songwriter ellie goulding .	lights is the debut studio album by english singer and songwriter ellie goulding .	sugar , sugar is a song written by jeff barry and andy kim .	tell me what he said is a 1960 pop song written by jeff barry .	love → building on fire ( also known as `` love goes to building on fire '' ) is a song by rock band talking heads , released as a single in 1977 .	jingle jangle is a song written by jeff barry and andy kim and performed by the archies .	sandra is a song that was originally recorded by barry manilow on his album , barry manilow ii in 1974 .	do n't want you back is a song by british singer ellie campbell .	where i belong is a song by christian band building 429 from their 2011 album listen to the sound .	chip chip is a song written by jeff barry , clifford crawford , and arthur resnick and performed by gene mcdaniels .	sunset grill is a song by don henley from his 1984 album building the perfect beast .	building bridges is a song written and originally recorded by american country music singer-songwriter larry willoughby , co-written with hank devito .
100 in a 55 is a song by rock band pop evil .	diary is a song written and produced by david gates , which was released by his band bread in 1972 , as a single and on the album baby i 'm - a want you .	you 're so pretty - we 're so pretty is a song by british band the charlatans ( known in the united states as the charlatans uk ) .	the night is still young is a single by rock singer billy joel released as a new song from his greatest hits album greatest hits - volume i and ii .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	tomten , jag vill ha en riktig jul is a christmas song written by kenneth fridén , and recorded by busungarna in 1982 .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	in a heartbeat is a pop song by german singer sandra .	light the universe is a song and a single made by the german power metal band helloween from their album keeper of the seven keys - the legacy .	stop for a minute is a pop song by german singer sandra .	diamond hoo ha man is a song by british rock band supergrass .	i have a dream is a song by swedish pop group abba .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	champion sound is a song by english big beat musician fatboy slim from his compilation album the greatest hits - why try harder .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .	cherry , cherry is a song written , composed , and recorded in february - march 1966 by american musician neil diamond .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	good thing is a song written by pål svenre and rebecka törnqvist , and recorded by törnqvist for her 1995 album of the same name .	potremmo ritornare is a pop song written by italian pop singer tiziano ferro .	jag vill ha en egen måne is a song written by swedish lyricist kenneth gärdestad and singer-songwriter ted gärdestad .
lifetime to love is a 2000 song by the musician cece peniston .	he loves me 2 is a 1999 song by the musician cece peniston .	i 'm feelin ' u is a 2007 song by the musician cece peniston .	i like it is a 1991 song by overweight pooch featuring cece peniston , who contributed vocals on the record .	nobody else is a 1998 song by cece peniston .	we got a love thang is a 1992 song by american musician cece peniston , originally released on her debut album , finally .	get to steppin is a 2013 song by fast eddie featuring singer cece peniston , released as a digital single on s s records in the u.s .	inside that i cried is a 1992 song by singer cece peniston , taken from her album finally on a m records .	keep givin ' me your love is a 1994 song by the musician cece peniston , originally from her studio album thought ` ya knew .	searchin is a 1993 song by the musician cece peniston , taken from her second solo album thought ` ya knew on a m records .	keep on walkin ' is a 1992 song by the musician cece peniston , recorded for her debut album release finally on a m records .	crazy love is a 1992 song by the musician cece peniston , released on her debut album finally on a m records .	in love with a dj ( also known as `` turn it up '' ) is a 2010 song by the singer cece peniston and producer ron carroll , primarily known in the house music circuit .	celebrate is a 2012 song by the singer cece peniston , released as a digital single on 16 bars music group on march 27 , 2012 .	deeper love is a song performed by david longoria and cece peniston , released on del oro music in 2005 .	before i lay ( you drive me crazy ) is a 1996 song by the musician cece peniston , released as a duet with jojo hailey .	you 've never seen ( originally titled as like you 've never seen ) is a 2012 song by electronic duo ec twins featuring singer cece peniston , released as a digital single on smash the house records on august 6 , 2012 .	my savior is a christian rock song sung by krystal meyers , composed by her and ian eskelin .	this is for the lover in you is a song written by howard hewett , member of the trio shalamar , and songwriter dana meyers .	nobody 's sweetheart , also known as `` nobody 's sweetheart now '' and `` you 're nobody 's sweetheart now '' , is a popular song , written in 1924 , with music by billy meyers and elmer schoebel , and lyrics by gus kahn and ernie erdman .
take you out is a song by american recording artist luther vandross .	wait for love is a 1985 song by american recording artist luther vandross released in 1985 .	do n't want to be a fool is a song by american recording artist luther vandross .	can heaven wait is a song by american singer luther vandross .	treat you right is a song by american recording artist luther vandross .	every year , every christmas is a 1995 christmas song by american recording artist luther vandross .	stop to love is a song by american recording r b artist luther vandross .	your secret love is a 1996 song by american recording artist luther vandross .	i can make it better is a song by american recording artist luther vandross .	i know is a 1998 song by american recording r b artist luther vandross .	heaven knows is a song by american r b recording artist luther vandross .	think about you is a song by american singer luther vandross .	never too much is a song written , composed , produced , and performed by luther vandross .	dance with my father is the title track to singer and songwriter luther vandross ' thirteenth studio album .	any love is song by american recording artist luther vandross released as the first single from his six studio album of the same name ( 1988 ) and earned vandross his fourth no .	she wo n't talk to me is a song by american recording artist luther vandross released in 1988 .	i really did n't mean it is a 1986 song by american recording r b artist luther vandross .	give me the reason is a song by american recording artist luther vandross , issued as the first single from the album of the same name .	fascination is a song written by english singer and songwriter david bowie and american musician luther vandross for bowie 's young americans album in 1975 .	the rush is a song by american recording r b artist luther vandross ' , released as the third single from his 1991 album power of love .
sparks is a song recorded by american singer hilary duff for her fifth studio album , breathe in .	fly is a song recorded by american singer hilary duff for her 2004 self-titled third studio album .	chasing the sun is a song recorded by american pop rock singer hilary duff .	with love is a song recorded by american recording artist hilary duff for her fourth studio album , dignity ( 2007 ) .	rock island line is an american folk song .	radio is a song by celtic folk rock band the corrs .	wake up is a song recorded by american singer hilary duff for her first compilation album , most wanted ( 2005 ) .	beat of my heart is a song recorded by american singer hilary duff for her first compilation album , most wanted ( 2005 ) .	so yesterday is a song recorded by american singer hilary duff for her second studio album , metamorphosis ( 2003 ) .	stranger is a song recorded by american singer hilary duff for her fourth studio album , dignity ( 2007 ) .	someone 's watching over me is a song recorded by american singer hilary duff for her self-titled third studio album ( 2004 ) .	come clean is a song recorded by american singer hilary duff for her second studio album , metamorphosis ( 2003 ) .	tangerine is a folk rock song by the english band led zeppelin .	stubborn love is a song by american folk rock band the lumineers .	ophelia is a song recorded by american folk rock band the lumineers .	submarines is a song by american folk rock band the lumineers .	closer to your heart is a song by irish folk rock group clannad .	cleopatra is a song recorded by american folk rock band the lumineers .	ho hey is a song by american folk rock band the lumineers .	fire and rain is a folk rock song written and performed by james taylor .
work is a song recorded by american recording artist kelly rowland .	stole is a song by american recording artist kelly rowland .	ca n't nobody is a song performed by american recording artist kelly rowland .	representin is a song by american hip hop recording artist ludacris , featuring vocals from american singer-songwriter kelly rowland .	commander is a song performed by american recording artist kelly rowland from her third studio album , here i am ( 2011 ) .	without me is a song by american recording artist fantasia featuring kelly rowland and missy elliott .	down for whatever is a song by american recording artist kelly rowland featuring production collective the wav.s , taken from rowland 's third studio album here i am ( 2011 ) .	motivation is a song performed by american recording artist kelly rowland , from her third studio album here i am ( 2011 ) .	your mirror is a 1991 song by simply red .	down deep inside is the theme song from the 1977 film the deep .	no future in the past is a song written by gilles luka and laura mayne and recorded by the french r b singer nâdiya and american r b singer kelly rowland for nâdiya 's fourth studio album électron libre .	muhammad ali is a song recorded by british dance band faithless .	dirty laundry is a song recorded by american recording artist kelly rowland , for her fourth studio album , talk a good game ( 2013 ) .	thrill me is a 1991 song by simply red .	dragula is a song co-written and recorded by american rock musician rob zombie .	never never love is a 1996 song by simply red .	for your babies is a 1991 song by simply red .	scum of the earth is a song by heavy metal musician rob zombie .	shia labeouf is a comedy song by rob cantor about actor shia labeouf .	speed king is a song by the english rock band deep purple , from their 1970 album deep purple in rock .
feels like love is a song written and recorded by american country music artist vince gill .	true love is a song written and recorded by american country music artist vince gill .	never knew lonely is a song written and recorded by american country music artist vince gill .	pretty little adriana is a song written and recorded by american country music artist vince gill .	the radio is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist vince gill .	high lonesome sound is a song written and recorded by american country music artist vince gill .	look at us is a song co-written and recorded by american country artist vince gill .	liza jane is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist vince gill .	oklahoma borderline is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist vince gill .	walkaway joe is a song written by vince melamed and greg barnhill , and recorded by american country music singer trisha yearwood , with background vocals from don henley of the eagles .	everybody 's sweetheart is a song written and recorded by american country music artist vince gill .	she 's taken a shine is a song written by greg barnhill and richard bach , and recorded by american country music artist john berry .	cinderella is a song written by reed nielsen , and recorded by american country music artist vince gill .	baby baby is a pop song by american recording artist amy grant and it was issued as the first single from her 1991 album heart in motion .	next big thing is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist vince gill .	same ol' love is a song written by chris austin and greg barnhill , and recorded by american country music artist ricky skaggs .	never alone is song written by american country artists rosanne cash and vince gill .	oklahoma swing is a song recorded by american country music artists vince gill and reba mcentire .	it ai n't the whiskey is a song co-written by greg barnhill , jim daddario , and cole deggs , and recorded by american country music singer gary allan .	simple things is the twelfth studio album by christian music and pop music singer-songwriter amy grant , released in 2003 .
you baby is a song released by the turtles in 1966 .	the wheel of hurt is the title of a popular song from 1966 ( see 1966 in music ) .	lisztomania is a song by the french band phoenix from their fourth album wolfgang amadeus phoenix .	sun of jamaica is a song performed by german group goombay dance band , written by ekkehard stein and wolfgang jass .	sunny is a song written by bobby hebb , from 1966 .	channel 42 is a song by canadian electronic music producer deadmau5 and american dj wolfgang gartner .	hawaii ( also known as i am hawaii ) 1 2 was a 1966 theme song composed by elmer bernstein for the 1966 film of the same name .	fortissimo is a 1966 song brought to success by rita pavone .	visions is a song released in 1966 by cliff richard .	i want you is a song recorded by bob dylan in 1966 .	i want to go with you is the title of a popular song from 1966 ( see 1966 in music ) by the american country music singer eddy arnold .	daydream is a popular song written by john sebastian , first released in 1966 .	eh hee is a song written and recorded by dave matthews that was released as a digital single on september 4 , 2007 .	help me girl is a song performed by eric burdon in 1966 .	dandy is a 1966 song by the kinks , appearing on their album face to face .	just like a woman is a song written by bob dylan and first released on his 1966 album , blonde on blonde ( see 1966 in music ) .	en riktig jävla schlager is a song written by kjell jennstig , leif goldkuhl and henrik dorsin , and performed by ravaillacz during melodifestivalen 2013 , where the song ended up 10th .	adesso sì is a 1966 italian song composed by sergio endrigo .	the dangling conversation is a song by american music duo simon garfunkel , released in september 1966 as the second single from the duo 's third studio album , parsley , sage , rosemary and thyme ( 1966 ) .	les play boys is the second single by french singer-songwriter jacques dutronc , released in 1966 .
steppin ' out was a hit song for kool the gang .	fresh is a song by the american group kool the gang .	celebration is a song released in 1980 by kool the gang from their album celebrate !	cherish is a song by american r b band kool the gang , released in 1985 .	joanna is a song by kool the gang from their 1983 album , in the heart .	big fun is a 1982 song by american band kool the gang .	get down on it is a 1981 song by american band kool the gang .	stone love is a 1987 song written 2 and performed by kool the gang , issued as the second single from the band 's 1986 album forever .	like to get to know you is a 1968 song from spanky and our gang .	happy song is a 1983 hit single by italian disco music act baby 's gang .	jungle boogie is a funk song recorded by kool the gang for their 1973 album wild and peaceful .	funk # 49 is a song written by joe walsh , jim fox , and dale peters , and recorded by american hard rock band the james gang .	mass appeal is a song by american hip hop group gang starr from the album hard to earn .	gucci gang is a song by american hip hop artist lil pump .	the bad touch is a song recorded by american alternative rock band bloodhound gang .	rappin ' duke is a 1983 citation needed hip-hop novelty song by shawn brown performing as the rappin ' duke .	sounds of then ( this is australia ) is a 1985 song by australian rock band , gang gajang , from their self-titled debut album , gang gajang .	runnin ' from tha police is a 1995 song by rapper tupac shakur , featuring the notorious b.i.g. , stretch , buju banton citation needed , and dramacydal .	the ballad of chasey lain is a song by american alternative rock band the bloodhound gang .	chain gang is a song by the american singer-songwriter sam cooke , released on july 26 , 1960 .
lay back in the arms of someone is a song co-written by nicky chinn and mike chapman , performed by the english band smokie .	if you think you know how to love me is a song by british rock band smokie .	run to me is a song by the british rock band smokie .	pass it around is a song by british rock band smokie .	heart and soul is a song written by mike chapman and nicky chinn and made famous by huey lewis and the news .	wild wild angels is a song by the british rock band smokie from their 1976 studio album midnight café .	living next door to alice is a song co-written by nicky chinn and mike chapman .	jeepster is a song by english glam rock act t. rex .	london boys is a song by english glam rock act t. rex .	i love you love me love is a song by english glam rock singer gary glitter .	see my baby jive is a song by the british glam rock band wizzard .	laser love is a song by english glam rock act t. rex .	pleasure and pain is a rock song written by michael chapman and holly knight , produced by chapman for divinyls ' second studio album what a life !	little thoughts / `` tulips '' are two songs by english rock band bloc party .	i love to boogie is a song by english glam rock act t. rex .	tiger feet is a popular song by the english glam rock band mud , released in january 1974 .	girls / girls / boys is a song by american rock band panic !	valentine is the seventh album by english folk / rock singer-songwriter and guitarist roy harper .	lovers in japan / reign of love is a song by british rock band coldplay .	sha-la-la-la-la is a song recorded by danish glam rock band walkers .
you is a song by swedish singer pandora .	one of a kind is a song by swedish singer pandora .	a little bit is a song by swedish artist pandora .	smile 'n' shine is a song by swedish artist pandora .	do n't you know is a song by swedish artist pandora .	come on and do it is a song by swedish singer pandora .	i 'm confused is a song by swedish singer pandora .	the naked sun is a song by swedish singer pandora .	you believed is a song by swedish singer pandora featuring matt hewie .	something 's gone is a song by swedish singer pandora .	pandora 's box is a song by american hard rock band , aerosmith on their second album , get your wings .	( åh ) när ni tar saken i egna händer is a song written by henrik wikström and kent olsson .	the queen is a 2009 pop song performed by the swedish singer velvet written by tony nilsson and henrik janson .	vid silverforsens strand is a song written by yngve johansson and britt nilsson .	du och jag mot världen is a song written by bobby ljunggren , fredrik kempe and henrik wikström , and performed as a vocal duet by fredrik kempe and sanna nielsen at melodifestivalen 2005 .	vindarna vänder oss is a song written by henrik sethson , pontus assarsson and dan attlerud , and performed by fame at melodifestivalen 2004 .	millennium 2 is a song written by jan nordlund , john henrik lagerlöf , stefan enberg and daniel bäckström , and recorded by markoolio on his 1999 album dikter från ett hjärta .	en riktig jävla schlager is a song written by kjell jennstig , leif goldkuhl and henrik dorsin , and performed by ravaillacz during melodifestivalen 2013 , where the song ended up 10th .	pony blues is a delta blues song recorded by blues musician charley patton .	här står jag is a song written by sonja aldén , bobby ljunggren and henrik wikström , and released on 13 june 2007 as a single from swedish singer sonja aldén 's 2007 debut album till dig .
turn my swag on is a song written and recorded by american rapper soulja boy tellem .	pretty boy swag is a song by american rapper soulja boy , released as the first single from his third studio album the deandre way ( 2010 ) .	slow motion is a song by rapper juvenile featuring soulja slim .	mama ( stylized in all caps 1 ) is a song by american hip hop artist 6ix9ine from his debut studio album , dummy boy ( 2018 ) .	n 2 gether now is a hip hop song by the american band limp bizkit and the rapper method man .	when i feel like it is a song by american hip hop recording artist fabolous featuring fellow american rapper 2 chainz .	kanga ( stylized in all caps 1 ) is a song by american hip hop artist 6ix9ine from his debut studio album , dummy boy ( 2018 ) .	banned in the u.s.a. is a song recorded by the american hip hop group 2 live crew .	changes is a hip hop song by 2pac featuring talent .	watch out is a song by american hip hop recording artist 2 chainz .	riot is a song by american hip hop recording artist 2 chainz .	inner ninja is a song by canadian hip hop recording artist classified , featuring david myles .	b boy is a song by american hip hop recording artist meek mill .	yamborghini high is a song by american hip hop collective asap mob featuring american rapper juicy j .	california love is a hip hop song by 2pac featuring dr .	reuf is a song by french hip hop artist nekfeu featuring english musician ed sheeran .	2 hearts 1 love is a song by english boy band 911 .	t-shirt is a trap 1 song by american hip hop group migos .	welcome to atlanta is a 2001 hip hop song by jermaine dupri featuring ludacris .	dangerous is a hip hop song by kardinal offishall featuring akon .
horse outside is a song by irish comedy group the rubberbandits .	serious is a song by american singer gwen stefani for her debut solo studio album , love .	high wire is a song by the australian group men at work .	overkill is a song by australian pop rock band men at work .	mic checka is a song by american hip hop group das efx recorded for their debut album dead serious ( 1992 ) .	men in black is a song by american rapper and actor will smith from the movie men in black , in which he also starred .	men in love is a 2010 song by gossip , from their album music for men .	she 's getting serious is a song recorded by canadian country music group thomas wade wayward .	leader of men is a song by canadian rock band nickelback .	songs about jane is the debut studio album by american pop rock band maroon 5 .	songs about jane is the debut studio album by american pop rock band maroon 5 .	songs about jane is the debut studio album by american pop rock band maroon 5 .	songs about jane is the debut studio album by american pop rock band maroon 5 .	songs about jane is the debut studio album by american pop rock band maroon 5 .	songs about jane is the debut studio album by american pop rock band maroon 5 .	songs about jane is the debut studio album by american pop rock band maroon 5 .	songs about jane is the debut studio album by american pop rock band maroon 5 .	non ti scordar mai di me ( never forget about me ) is a pop song performed by italian pop singer giusy ferreri .	algo de ti ( english : something about you ) is a song performed by latin pop singer paulina rubio .	do n't you ( forget about me ) is a 1985 pop rock song performed by scottish rock band simple minds .
raggamuffin is a song performed by belgian musician and songwriter selah sue from her self-titled debut album selah sue .	reason is a song by belgian recording artist selah sue .	alone is a song by belgian recording artist selah sue .	i wo n't go for more is a song by belgian recording artist selah sue .	summertime is a song performed by belgian musician and songwriter selah sue from her self-titled debut album selah sue .	this world is a song performed by belgian musician and songwriter selah sue from her self-titled debut album selah sue .	angel band is an american gospel music song .	fear nothing is a song by belgian recording artist selah sue .	bury my body is a traditional gospel blues song .	this is gospel is a song by american rock band panic !	crazy vibes is a song performed by belgian musician and songwriter selah sue from her self-titled debut album selah sue .	unknown song is an instrumental track written and recorded by the british progressive rock group pink floyd .	my tribute ( to god be the glory ) is a gospel song that first appeared in 1972 by american gospel singer and songwriter andraé crouch on the album keep on singin '' .	my song is love unknown is a hymn by samuel crossman , written in 1664 .	lean on me is a song by american gospel artist kirk franklin .	i saw the light is a country gospel song written by hank williams .	jubilee street is a song by the australian alternative rock band nick cave and the bad seeds .	jesus is just alright is a gospel song written by arthur reid reynolds and first recorded by reynolds ' own group , the art reynolds singers , on their 1966 album , tellin ' it like it is .	u saved me is a gospel song by r. kelly .	destination unknown is a song by american band missing persons .
why lady why is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	take it easy is a song performed by american country music artist crystal gayle .	plain brown wrapper is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	the sound of goodbye is a song written by hugh prestwood and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	baby bye bye is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	nobody 's angel is a song recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	when i dream is a song written by sandy mason theoret , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	leave me lonely is a song written and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	nobody should have to love this way is a song recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	anything goes is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	the love she found in me is a song written by dennis linde and bob morrison , and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	headed for a heartache is a song written by kent blazy and james dowell , and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	turning away is a song written by tim krekel , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	do n't look back is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	second hand heart is a song written by mark gray , harold tipton and craig karp , and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	dreams die hard is a song written by chick rains , and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	lasso the moon is a song written by steve dorff and milton brown , and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	velvet chains is a song written by kevin welch and ron hellard , and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .	you 're welcome to tonight is a song written by jim hurt , larry henley and grant boatwright , and recorded by american country music artists lynn anderson and gary morris .	100 % chance of rain is a song written by charlie black and austin roberts , and recorded by american country music artist gary morris .
get it off is a song by american recording artist monica .	too hood is a song by american recording artist monica .	without you is a song by american recording artist monica .	everything to me is a song by american recording artist monica .	love all over me is a song by american recording artist monica .	just another girl is a song by american recording artist monica .	sideline ho is a song by american r b recording artist monica .	2002 is a song by english recording artist anne-marie .	until it 's gone is a song by american recording artist monica .	u should 've known better is a song by american recording artist monica .	all eyez on me is a song by american recording artist monica .	hell no ( leave home ) is a song by american singer monica .	knock knock is a song by american recording artist monica , taken from her fourth studio album after the storm ( 2003 ) .	before you walk out of my life is a song by american r b singer monica .	so gone is a song by american r b recording artist monica .	inside is an r b song from monica 's second studio album , the boy is mine .	santa monica ( watch the world die ) is a rock song by the band everclear , from their 1995 album sparkle and fade .	dag efter dag ( `` day after day '' ) is a song in swedish , with melody by lasse holm and text by monica forsberg .	anywhere was a 2002 single by english songwriter beth orton .	kým nás máš ( as long as you have us ) was the slovak entry to the eurovision song contest 1996 , sung by marcel palonder in the slovak language .
live in the moment is a song by american rock band portugal .	quero ser tua ( english : i want to be yours ) is a song by portuguese singer suzy .	amar ( `` to love '' ) was the portuguese entry in the eurovision song contest 2005 , performed in portuguese and english by 2b .	pronto a correre ( english : ready to run ) is a song recorded by italian singer marco mengoni for his album #prontoacorrere .	o me voy o te vas ( `` either i 'll go or you 'll go '' ) is a song written and recorded by marco antonio solís .	wit licht ( english : `` white light '' ) is a single by dutch singer-songwriter marco borsato , from his album `` wit licht '' .	como tu mujer ( `` as your woman '' ) is a song written and produced by mexican singer-songwriter marco antonio solís and first recorded by spanish performer rocío dúrcal .	música de rua ( portuguese for `` street music '' ) is a song recorded by brazilian singer daniela mercury .	ti ho voluto bene veramente ( english : i really loved you ) is a song recorded by italian singer-songwriter marco mengoni for his album le cose che non ho .	entre el mar y una estrella ( english : `` between the sea and a star '' ) is a pop song written by marco flores and recorded by thalía .	construção ( portuguese : construction ) is a song by brazilian singer and composer chico buarque , recorded in 1971 for his album of the same name .	como eu quero ( portuguese for the way i want or how i want ) is a pop song written and performed by brazilian band kid abelha in their debut album seu espião ( 1984 ) .	guerriero ( `` warrior '' ) is a song recorded by italian singer-songwriter marco mengoni for his album parole in circolo .	como tudo começou ( `` how everything began '' ) was the portuguese entry in the eurovision song contest 1999 , performed in portuguese by rui bandeira .	mi deseo ( `` my wish '' ) is a song written , produced and performed by mexican singer-songwriter marco antonio solís as the lead member of the band los bukis .	foi magia ( `` it was magic '' ) was the portuguese entry in the eurovision song contest 2004 , performed in portuguese by sofia vitória .	solo por ti ( english : only for you ) is a song written by marco flores for paulina rubio 's fourth album planeta paulina released in 1996 .	disperato is a 1990 song composed by marco masini , giancarlo bigazzi and giuseppe dati and recorded by marco masini .	io canto is a song written by riccardo cocciante and marco luberti .	non passerai is a song written by tobias gad , e. kidd bogart , lee dewyze and andrea regazzetti , recorded in 2013 by italian singer marco mengoni .
sour suite is a song written by burton cummings and performed by the guess who .	glamour boy is a song written by burton cummings and performed by the guess who .	undun is a popular song by canadian rock band the guess who .	dancin ' fool is a song written by burton cummings and domenic troiano and performed by the guess who .	albert flasher is a song written by burton cummings and performed by the guess who .	his girl is a song written by johnny cowell and performed by the guess who .	share the land is a song written by burton cummings and performed by the guess who .	hang on to your life is a song written by burton cummings and kurt winter and performed by the guess who .	rain dance is a song written by burton cummings and kurt winter and performed by the guess who .	clock on the wall is a song written by randy bachman and performed by the guess who .	believe me is a song written by randy bachman and performed by the guess who .	clap for the wolfman is a song written by burton cummings , bill wallace , and kurt winter and performed by the guess who .	laughing is a popular song by canadian rock band the guess who .	guns , guns , guns is a popular rock and roll song written by burton cummings .	no time is a song by canadian rock band the guess who .	follow your daughter home is a song written by burton cummings , donnie mcdougall , garry peterson , bill wallace , and kurt winter and performed by the guess who .	these eyes is a song by the canadian rock band the guess who .	heartbroken bopper is a popular rock song written by burton cummings and kurt winter .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	runnin ' back to saskatoon is a song written by burton cummings and kurt winter .
red guitar is a song by the english singer-songwriter david sylvian .	pulling punches is a song by the english singer-songwriter david sylvian .	taking the veil is a song by the english singer-songwriter david sylvian .	orpheus is a song by the english singer-songwriter david sylvian .	i surrender is a song by the english singer-songwriter david sylvian .	silver moon is a song by the english singer-songwriter david sylvian .	let the happiness in is a song by the english singer-songwriter david sylvian .	the ink in the well is a song by the english singer-songwriter david sylvian .	bombers is a song written by david bowie .	suffragette city is a song by david bowie .	'' ` permanent '' is a song recorded by american rock singer david cook .	time is a song by david bowie .	forbidden colours is a 1983 song by david sylvian and ryuichi sakamoto .	rock on is a song written by english singer david essex .	lazarus is a song by english rock musician david bowie .	just for one day ( heroes ) is a house song performed by french dj david guetta , and featuring vocals from singer david bowie .	sail away is a song by david gray .	yankee rose is a hard rock song recorded by david lee roth .	be mine is a song by david gray .	just like paradise is a song by american rock singer david lee roth .
being is a song recorded by argentine singer lali .	ego is a song by argentine singer lali from her second studio album soy ( 2016 ) .	caliente ( english : `` hot '' ) is a song by argentine singer lali featuring vocals from brazilian singer pabllo vittar , from her third studio album , brava ( 2018 ) .	seven seas of rhye is a song by the british rock band queen .	angel eyes is a song by the english rock band roxy music .	fly too high is a song by janis ian .	hold on me is a song by british pop artist marlon roudette , from his debut solo album matter fixed .	grace , too is a song by canadian rock band the tragically hip .	let me cry was bulgaria 's entry in the eurovision song contest 2006 , performed in english by mariana popova .	tupac back is a song by american hip hop recording artist meek mill , released as his debut single and the lead single from the maybach music group compilation album , self made vol .	alive and kicking is a song by the scottish rock band simple minds .	tell me i 'm not dreamin ' ( too good to be true ) is a song by jermaine jackson featuring his younger brother michael jackson , taken from jermaine jackson 's eponymous album .	the last song is a song by american rock band the all-american rejects , released as the second single from their self-titled debut studio album on april 21 , 2003 .	when a woman cries is a song written by buck moore and mentor williams , and recorded by american country music artist janie fricke .	come home is a song by english alternative rock band placebo .	back to tennessee is a country rock song by american singer-songwriter and actor billy ray cyrus .	i går , i dag is a song written by bert månson , and performed by sanna nielsen at melodifestivalen 2001 , where it ended up third .	i wish it would rain is a 1967 song recorded by the temptations for the motown label ( under the `` gordy '' imprint ) and produced by norman whitfield .	for a change is a song written by john scott sherrill and steve seskin , and recorded by american country music artist neal mccoy .	starting over again is a song written by don goodman and john wesley ryles , and recorded by american country music artist steve wariner .
iridescent is a song by american rock band linkin park .	powerless is a song by american rock band linkin park .	papercut is a song by american rock band linkin park .	final masquerade is a song by american rock band linkin park .	from the inside is a song by american rock band linkin park .	crawling is a song by american rock band linkin park .	wretches and kings is a song by american rock band linkin park .	burn it down is a song by american rock band linkin park .	given up is a song by american rock band linkin park .	lies greed misery is a song by american rock band linkin park .	new divide is a song by american rock band linkin park .	invisible is a song by american rock band linkin park .	somewhere i belong is a song by american rock band linkin park .	breaking the habit is a song by american rock band linkin park .	numb is a song by american rock band linkin park .	in the end is a song by american rock band linkin park .	bleed it out is a song by american rock band linkin park .	runaway is a song by linkin park .	no more sorrow is a song by american rock band linkin park .	one more light is a song by american rock band linkin park .
holiday is a song by american punk rock band green day .	oh love is a song by american punk rock band green day .	stray heart is a song by american punk rock band green day .	she is a song by the american punk rock band green day .	walking contradiction is a song by american punk rock band green day .	minority is a song by the american punk rock band green day .	x-kid is a song by american punk rock band green day .	american idiot is a song by the american punk rock band green day .	21 guns is a song by american punk rock band green day .	warning is a song by the american punk rock band green day .	basket case is a song by the american punk rock band green day .	revolution radio is a song by american punk rock band green day .	waiting is a song by american punk rock band green day .	jesus of suburbia is a song by american punk rock band green day .	nice guys finish last is a song by american punk rock band green day .	stuck with me is a song by american punk rock band green day .	still breathing is a song by american punk rock band green day .	kill the dj is a song by american punk rock band green day .	let yourself go is a song by american punk rock band green day .	east jesus nowhere is a song by the american punk rock band green day .
live in the moment is a song by american rock band portugal .	amar ( `` to love '' ) was the portuguese entry in the eurovision song contest 2005 , performed in portuguese and english by 2b .	quero ser tua ( english : i want to be yours ) is a song by portuguese singer suzy .	música de rua ( portuguese for `` street music '' ) is a song recorded by brazilian singer daniela mercury .	como tudo começou ( `` how everything began '' ) was the portuguese entry in the eurovision song contest 1999 , performed in portuguese by rui bandeira .	construção ( portuguese : construction ) is a song by brazilian singer and composer chico buarque , recorded in 1971 for his album of the same name .	só sei ser feliz assim ( `` only can be happy this way '' ) was the portuguese entry in the eurovision song contest 2001 , performed in portuguese by mtm ( standing for `` marco , tony and music '' ) , made up of portuguese singers marco quelhas , who also wrote the song , and tony jackson .	seven seas of rhye is a song by the british rock band queen .	como eu quero ( portuguese for the way i want or how i want ) is a pop song written and performed by brazilian band kid abelha in their debut album seu espião ( 1984 ) .	cuando te besé ( english : `` when i kissed you '' ) is a song by american singer becky g and argentine singer paulo londra .	swing da cor ( portuguese for `` swing of the color '' ) is a song written by luciano gomes and originally recorded in 1991 by the brazilian singer daniela mercury , in her first solo album daniela mercury .	te amo ( english : `` i love you '' ) is a song by colombian band piso 21 and argentine rapper paulo londra , from their second studio album ubuntu ( 2018 ) .	the last song is a song by american rock band the all-american rejects , released as the second single from their self-titled debut studio album on april 21 , 2003 .	grace , too is a song by canadian rock band the tragically hip .	alive and kicking is a song by the scottish rock band simple minds .	when a woman cries is a song written by buck moore and mentor williams , and recorded by american country music artist janie fricke .	tupac back is a song by american hip hop recording artist meek mill , released as his debut single and the lead single from the maybach music group compilation album , self made vol .	come home is a song by english alternative rock band placebo .	tell me i 'm not dreamin ' ( too good to be true ) is a song by jermaine jackson featuring his younger brother michael jackson , taken from jermaine jackson 's eponymous album .	got ta be you is a song by american pop group 3t .
ca n't get enough of your love , babe is a song written , recorded , and produced by barry white .	it 's ecstasy when you lay down next to me is a hit song by american singer barry white .	i 'm gon na love you just a little more baby is a song written , produced and recorded by barry white .	sandra is a song that was originally recorded by barry manilow on his album , barry manilow ii in 1974 .	bermuda triangle is a song by barry manilow , from his album barry .	what am i gon na do with you is a popular song recorded by barry white .	barry live in britain is the eleventh album released by singer and songwriter barry manilow .	never , never gon na give ya up is a song written , produced and recorded by barry white for his second album , stone gon ' ( 1973 ) .	midnight rocks is a song written by al stewart and peter white and was performed by stewart .	white ( stylized `` white '' ) is a song by south korean rock band cnblue .	you see the trouble with me is a song recorded by american soul artists barry white and ray parker jr. .	superwoman is a song by r b singer karyn white .	i made it through the rain is a song that became a hit after it was recorded by american singer barry manilow , also included on his 1980 album , barry .	selections from irving berlin 's white christmas is an album with songs from the 1954 movie , white christmas .	the longer we make love is a song recorded by american singer barry white for his 1999 album , staying power .	fell in love with a girl is a song by the american garage rock band the white stripes , written and produced by jack white for the band 's third studio album , white blood cells ( 2001 ) .	polk salad annie is a 1968 song written and performed by tony joe white .	always and forever is an r b song written by rod temperton and produced by barry blue .	mississippi moon is a song written by tony joe white and carson whitsett , and recorded by american country music artist john anderson .	melanie makes me smile is a 1969 song written by barry mason and tony macaulay .
sorry is a 1966 song and single by australian rock group the easybeats , which was written by band members george young and stevie wright .	fool in love is an pop song written by harry vanda and george young .	heaven and hell is a 1967 song and single by australian rock group the easybeats , which was written by band members george young and harry vanda .	i wan na do it with you is an pop song written by george young and harry vanda and recorded by australian pop singer john paul young .	the music goes ` round my head is a 1967 song and single by australian rock group the easybeats , which was written by band members george young and harry vanda .	the day that my heart caught fire is an pop song written by harry vanda and george young .	where the action is is a pop song written by harry vanda and george young .	hello , how are you is a 1968 song and single by australian rock group the easybeats , which was written by band members george young and harry vanda .	falling off the edge of the world is a 1967 song and single by australian rock group the easybeats , which was written by band members george young and harry vanda .	land of make believe is a 1968 song and single by australian rock group the easybeats , which was written by band members george young and harry vanda .	keep on smilin ' is an pop song written by george young and harry vanda and recorded by australian pop singer john paul young .	lost in your love is an pop song written by harry vanda and george young .	when it started is a song by the garage rock band the strokes .	96 tears is a song recorded by the american garage rock band ?	say goodbye is a song written , produced and performed by american musician beck , 2 3 .	just a friend is a song written , 2 3 produced 3 and performed by american hip hop artist biz markie .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	nightclubbing is a song written by david bowie and iggy pop , 1 2 3 first released by iggy pop on his debut solo studio album , the idiot in 1977 .	system overload is a garage rock song by new zealand rock and roll band the datsuns .	1 , 2 , 3 , red light is a song written by sal trimachi and bobbi trimachi and was recorded by 1910 fruitgum company for their 1968 album , 1 , 2 , 3 , red light .
tko is a song by american pop punk band motion city soundtrack .	this is for real is a song by the pop punk band motion city soundtrack .	the future freaks me out is a song by the pop punk band motion city soundtrack .	taylor is a song written and sung by jack johnson .	derezzed is an instrumental song written , produced and performed by daft punk for the soundtrack of the motion picture tron : legacy , available on the album of the same name .	labels or love is a song by american singer-songwriter fergie from the soundtrack for the motion picture sex and the city ( 2008 ) .	we remain is a song by american singer christina aguilera , taken from the hunger games : catching fire -- original motion picture soundtrack , the soundtrack to the 2013 american science-fiction adventure film the hunger games : catching fire .	ya hey is a song by american indie pop band vampire weekend , taken from their third studio album modern vampires of the city .	true romance is a song by american rock band motion city soundtrack , released on april 13 , 2012 as the lead single from the group 's fifth studio album , go ( 2012 ) .	can you help me is a song written 1 and performed by american contemporary r b musician jesse johnson , issued as the second single from his debut studio album jesse johnson 's revue .	rock 'n' roll high school is a song by american punk rock group the ramones , from the soundtrack album rock 'n' roll high school .	atomic city is a song by english singer holly johnson , released in 1989 as the third single from his debut solo album blast .	cain 's blood is a song written by michael johnson and jack sundrud , and recorded by american country music group 4 runner .	kings never die is a song by american rapper eminem , from the soundtrack album southpaw ( music from and inspired by the motion picture ) , released on july 10 , 2015 .	days go by is a pop punk song by the american punk rock band the offspring .	atlas is a song by british rock band coldplay for the hunger games : catching fire -- original motion picture soundtrack , the soundtrack to the 2013 american science-fiction adventure film the hunger games : catching fire .	easy come , easy go is a song first recorded by elvis presley as part of the soundtrack for his 1967 motion picture easy come , easy go .	diane young is a song by indie rock band vampire weekend , taken from their third studio album modern vampires of the city .	luck is a song written by zachary barnett , david rublin , matthew sanchez and james shelley of american indie rock band american authors , co-written with producers aaron accetta and shep goodman .	carrie anne is a song written by allan clarke , graham nash , and tony hicks and released by british pop rock group the hollies .
i love you is a song by american singer and songwriter donna summer from her sixth studio album once upon a time ( 1977 ) .	sanctify yourself is a song released by scottish rock band simple minds as the second single from their seventh studio album once upon a time in january 1986 .	all the things she said is a song by scottish rock group simple minds , released as the third single from their seventh studio album , once upon a time .	once upon a time is the sixth studio album by american singer-songwriter donna summer .	once upon a time is the sixth studio album by american singer-songwriter donna summer .	bank account is a song by american rapper 21 savage .	once upon a time is a song by the french duo air and is the second track on their 2007 studio album pocket symphony .	dreadlock holiday is a reggae song by 10cc .	once upon a time is a song composed by charles strouse , with lyrics by lee adams , from the 1962 musical all american .	legal is a song recorded by canadian reggae singer snow .	i want you is a song by australian pop duo savage garden .	i 'll be there is a song recorded by american recording artist tiffany evans .	once upon a december is a song from the 1997 fox animation studios film anastasia .	once upon a dream is a song written for the 1959 animated musical fantasy film sleeping beauty produced by walt disney .	once upon a lifetime is a song written by gary baker and frank j. myers , and recorded by american country music group alabama .	breakfast at tiffany 's is a 1995 song recorded by american alternative rock band deep blue something .	kauas pois is a song by a finnish reggae artist raappana .	woju is a song by nigerian afropop recording artist kiss daniel , released on september 1 , 2014 through g-worldwide entertainment .	il était une fois nous deux ( `` once upon a time there were we two '' ) is a song by joe dassin from his 1976 album le jardin du luxembourg .	god put a smile upon your face is a song by british rock band coldplay .
bitches n marijuana is a song by american recording artists chris brown and tyga .	crawl is a song by american recording artist chris brown .	she ai n't you is a song by american recording artist chris brown .	fine china is a song by american recording artist chris brown .	undecided is a song by american singer chris brown .	new flame is a song recorded by american recording artist chris brown .	sing like me is a song by american recording artist chris brown .	turn up the music is a song by american recording artist chris brown .	say goodbye is a song recorded by american singer chris brown .	do it again is a song recorded by american singer pia mia featuring chris brown and tyga .	as your friend is a song by dutch dj afrojack , featuring vocals by american singer chris brown .	tone it down is a song by american rapper gucci mane , featuring american singer chris brown .	love more is a song recorded by american singer chris brown .	dreamer is a song by american r b singer-songwriter chris brown produced by troy `` r8dio '' johnson .	do n't think they know is a song by american r b recording artist chris brown .	you changed me is a song by american recording artist jamie foxx featuring chris brown .	it wo n't stop is a song recorded by american singer sevyn streeter , featuring vocals from american singer chris brown .	either way is a song by american r b singer k. michelle featuring chris brown .	no air is a song by american singers jordin sparks and chris brown .	flipmode is a 2017 song by fabolous , chris brown , and velous .
any old port in a storm is a popular song composed by kerry mills with lyrics by arthur j. lamb .	paper doll was a hit song for the mills brothers .	in the land of the buffalo is a popular song , first published in 1907 .	school days is an american popular song written in 1907 by will cobb and gus edwards .	pride of the prairie is a popular song written in 1907 with music by george botsford and lyrics by henry j. breen .	he goes to church on sunday is a popular song published in 1907 with lyrics by vincent bryan and music by e. ray goetz .	what she wants is a song written by renee armand and kerry chater and recorded by american country music artist michael martin murphey .	take me back to dear old blighty is a music hall song written by arthur j. mills , fred godfrey and bennett scott in 1916 .	you 're the first time i 've thought about leaving is a song written by dickey lee and kerry chater , and recorded by american country music artist reba mcentire .	i have learned to respect the power of love is a song sung by american r b singer , stephanie mills , and is the second single from her 1985 self-titled album .	they say it 's gon na rain is a song co-written ( with george sanders ) and sung by british female artist kerry delius .	that 's the way it goes is a song written by kerry chater , lynn gillespie chater , and cyril rawson and performed by anne murray .	alive and kicking is a song by the scottish rock band simple minds .	dust in the wind is a song recorded by american progressive rock band kansas and written by band member kerry livgren , first released on their 1977 album point of know return .	i går , i dag is a song written by bert månson , and performed by sanna nielsen at melodifestivalen 2001 , where it ended up third .	life happened is a song written by kerry kurt phillips and patrick jason matthews , and recorded by american country music artist tammy cochran .	beautiful mess is a song written by shane minor , clay mills and former exile member sonny lemaire , and recorded by american country music group diamond rio .	it 's all the same to me is a song written by kerry kurt phillips and jerry laseter , and recorded by american country music artist billy ray cyrus .	the medicine song is a 1984 dance single by stephanie mills .	dream catch me is a song written by crispin hunt , newton faulkner and gordon mills , produced by mike spencer and performed by faulkner .
she 's a genius is a song by australian rock band jet .	rip it up is a song from australian rock band jet 's second album shine on .	stand up is a song by australian rock band , jet , from their second album , shine on ( september 2006 ) .	fine is a song by hard rock band aerosmith .	northern star is a song by british singer-songwriter , melanie c .	hard as a rock is a song and a single by the australian hard rock band ac/dc .	coma is a song by american rock band guns n ' roses .	bitch 's brew is a song from hard rock band aerosmith 's seventh studio album , rock in a hard place .	rock star is a song by american funk rock band n * e * r * d .	nightrain is a song by the american rock band guns n ' roses .	run is a song from australian alternative rock group , george .	party hard is a song by british alternative rock band pulp .	carolyna is a song by british singer-songwriter , melanie c .	movin ' out is a song by american hard rock band , aerosmith .	dead horse is a song by american rock band guns n ' roses .	better alone is a song by british singer-songwriter , melanie c .	rock me is a song by english singer-songwriter melanie c from her fifth solo album , the sea .	low c is a song from british rock band supergrass ' 2005 album , road to rouen .	straight to hell is a song by american southern rock band drivin n cryin .	rock n roll is a song by canadian recording artist avril lavigne .
oh very young is a song composed by cat stevens .	wild world is a song written and recorded by english singer-songwriter cat stevens .	into white is a song written and recorded by cat stevens .	here comes my baby is a pop song written by cat stevens .	numbers is the ninth studio album , and the first concept album by singer/songwriter cat stevens released in november 1975 .	guitar song is a 2001 single release by texas taken from their greatest hits album the greatest hits .	the night is still young is a single by rock singer billy joel released as a new song from his greatest hits album greatest hits - volume i and ii .	under the gun is a song by the sisters of mercy from their album a slight case of overbombing : greatest hits vol .1 .	raise your glass is a song by american singer pink from her first greatest hits compilation greatest hits .	you 're my star is a pop rock 1 song by welsh rock band stereophonics from their greatest hits album , decade in the sun : best of stereophonics .	lady d'arbanville is a song written and recorded by cat stevens and released in april 1970 .	you ca n't walk away from love is a song by gloria estefan , released as the first single from her third compilation album , greatest hits vol .	tonight she comes is a 1985 song by american rock band the cars , from their greatest hits album .	'' ( you make me ) rock hard '' is a song by the american rock band kiss from their 1988 greatest hits album smashes , thrashes hits .	the frozen logger is an american folk song , written by james stevens .	people like us is a song by american singer kelly clarkson , from her first greatest hits album , greatest hits -- chapter one ( 2012 ) .	cat 's in the cradle is a 1974 folk rock song by harry chapin from the album verities balderdash .	something in the water is a song by american country music artist carrie underwood , from her first greatest hits album , greatest hits : decade # 1 .	let 's put the x in sex is a song by the american rock band kiss from their 1988 greatest hits album smashes , thrashes hits .	do n't rush is a song by american pop recording artist kelly clarkson , from her first greatest hits album , greatest hits -- chapter one ( 2012 ) .
money is a song written by lasse anderson , and performed by elin lanto at melodifestivalen 2007 .	good sign är is a song written by lasse `` yogi '' anderson and emilia rydberg , and recorded by emilia rydberg on her 1998 album big big world .	twist of fate is a song written by lasse `` yogi '' anderson and emilia rydberg , and recorded by emilia rydberg on her 1998 album big big world .	leave ( get out ) is a song by american singer jojo from her self-titled debut studio album ( 2004 ) .	gå upp och pröva dina vingar ( `` go up and try your wings '' ) is a 1944 swedish song written by lasse dahlquist .	dag efter dag ( `` day after day '' ) is a song in swedish , with melody by lasse holm and text by monica forsberg .	one love is a song recorded by the sweden based musician and producer dr alban .	lucky is the eighth album by singer-songwriter melissa etheridge , released in 2004 ( see 2004 in music ) .	växeln hallå is a song written by lasse holm ( music ) and gert lengstrand ( lyrics ) , 1 and performed by janne `` lucas '' persson ending up 2nd at melodifestivalen 1980 .	girl from sweden is a song by swedish singer eric saade .	more than a game is a song written by peter jöback and lasse holm , and used as official song for the men 's 1992 uefa european championship in sweden .	wind song is a popular song by ruslana ( winner of the eurovision song contest 2004 ) .	ja tebe ljublu ( ukrainian : i love you ) is a popular song of ruslana ( winner of the eurovision song contest 2004 ) .	'' ( my friends are gon na be ) strangers '' is a song written by liz anderson .	memoria ( spanish : memory ) is a song by argentine group erreway from their third album memoria , released on 1 june 2004 ( see 2004 in music ) .	vi gör så gott vi kan is a song written by lasse holm and gert lengstrand as a fight song for the sweden national football team for the 1978 fifa world cup in argentina .	the fugitive ' ( later titled `` i 'm a lonesome fugitive on the album ) is a song recorded by american country music artist merle haggard and the strangers , written by liz anderson and casey anderson ( parents of country music singer lynn anderson ) .	ska vi gå hem till dig is a song written by lasse tennander , and recorded by lasse tennander on his 1974 album lars vegas .	if i kiss you ( will you go away ) is a popular 1967 song by country singer lynn anderson .	handen på hjärtat is a swedish song by lasse holm ( music ) and ingela forsman ( lyrics ) performed by sofia källgren in melodifestivalen 1990 and finished in 4th place .
tribe is a song by american rapper bas with j. cole .	award tour is a song by a tribe called quest , released as the first single from their third album midnight marauders .	we the people ... is a song by american hip hop group a tribe called quest , and the first single from their sixth and final album , we got it from here .	sorry is a song by american hip hop recording artist t.i.	missile is a song by iamx from the album kiss + swallow .	party like a rockstar is a song by american hip hop group shop boyz .	shifftee is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	roses is a song by american hip hop duo outkast .	girls is a song by british hip hop group n-dubz .	weak become heroes is a song by english alternative hip hop group the streets .	hip hop hooray is a song by american hip hop group , naughty by nature .	changes is a hip hop song by 2pac featuring talent .	dey know ( sometimes called `` they know '' ) is a song by american hip hop recording artist shawty lo , released on december 4 , 2007 as his commercial debut single .	do n't mug yourself is a song by english alternative hip hop group the streets .	slam is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	react is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	who knows who is a rap rock song by english the alternative rock band muse and the english hip hop artist mike skinner .	let 's push things forward is a song by english alternative hip hop group the streets .	hop is back is a song by american hip hop recording artist hopsin .	me-o-mi-o is a song by american hip hop artist casual .
punk rock 101 is a song by american rock band bowling for soup .	almost is a song by american rock band bowling for soup .	high school never ends is a song by american rock band bowling for soup .	soup for one is a song performed by the band chic .	why is a song performed by carly simon , recorded for the film soup for one in 1982 .	candles is a song recorded by american pop punk band hey monday .	nineties is a song by english pop punk band busted .	year 3000 is a song performed by british pop punk band busted .	this is for real is a song by the pop punk band motion city soundtrack .	tko is a song by american pop punk band motion city soundtrack .	meet you there is a song by english pop punk band busted .	hey baby is a rock single by the guitarist , vocalist and songwriter ted nugent from his first solo album , ted nugent .	rewrite the stars is a song performed by zac efron and zendaya for the film the greatest showman .	days go by is a pop punk song by the american punk rock band the offspring .	hit that is a pop punk song released by the american punk rock band the offspring .	bored to death is a song recorded by american pop punk band blink-182 for the group 's seventh studio album , california ( 2016 ) .	never too late is a song by canadian pop punk group hedley .	ocean avenue is a song by american pop punk band yellowcard .	oh , vilken härlig dag is a song written by kenneth gärdestad and ted gärdestad , and performed by ted gärdestad at melodifestivalen 1973 where the song ended up 4th .	rough landing , holly is a song by the american pop punk band yellowcard .
easier said than done is a song written and recorded by american country music artist radney foster .	texas in 1880 is a song written by radney foster , and recorded by american country music duo foster lloyd .	anyone else is a song written by radney foster , and recorded by american country music artist collin raye .	a real fine place to start is a song written by radney foster and george ducas and recorded by american country music artist sara evans .	best friend is a song by american indie pop band foster the people .	since i found you is a song written by radney foster and bill lloyd , and recorded by american country music duo sweethearts of the rodeo .	helena beat is a song by american indie pop band foster the people .	do n't go out is a song written by radney foster and bill lloyd , and recorded by american country music artists tanya tucker and t. graham brown .	sure thing is a song written and recorded by american country music duo foster lloyd .	ca n't have nothin ' is a song written and recorded by american country music duo foster lloyd .	pseudologia fantastica is a song by american indie pop band foster the people .	heart of mine is a song written by michael foster , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .	gentle annie is a popular american song written by stephen foster in 1856 .	what do you want from me this time is a song written and recorded by american country music duo foster lloyd .	you do n't know love is a song written by don king and beckie foster , and recorded by american country music artist janie fricke .	fair shake is a song co-written and recorded by american country music duo foster lloyd .	love lights the world is song written by david foster and linda thompson , and produced by foster .	crazy over you is a debut song recorded by american country music duo foster lloyd , who also wrote the song .	the domino theory is a song written by bill labounty and beckie foster , and recorded by american country music artist steve wariner .	do n't go near the water is a song written by chapin hartford and jim foster , and recorded by american country music artist sammy kershaw .
808 is an r b song released in 1999 by american r b girl group , blaque .	ca n't get it back is a song by american recording group blaque .	the block party is the first solo single by rapper and singer-songwriter , lisa lopes , and was the first and final single from her internationally released debut album supernova .	bring it all to me is a song performed by american r b girl group blaque .	never be the same again is a song by british singer-songwriter melanie c , featuring american rapper lisa `` left eye '' lopes of american girl group tlc .	i 'm good is an r b song released in 2004 by american r b vocal trio , blaque .	can you feel the beat is a song recorded by lisa lisa and cult jam and full force from their 1985 album lisa lisa cult jam with full force .	satellite of love is a song by lou reed .	just wan na please u is a song by american r b artist mona lisa which was recorded for her debut album 11-20-79 ( 1996 ) .	east bound and down is a song written by jerry reed and dick feller , and recorded by reed for the soundtrack for the film smokey and the bandit .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	hell yeah is a song by r b singer ginuwine featuring rapper birdman .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	what lovers do is a song by american pop rock band maroon 5 featuring american r b singer sza .	ready or not is a song by german dance band r.i.o. , featuring vocals from pop , r b and hip-hop singer u-jean .	turn this club around is a song by german dance band r.i.o. , featuring vocals from pop , r b and hip-hop singer u-jean .	komodo ( hard nights ) is a song by german dance band r.i.o. , featuring vocals from pop , r b and hip-hop singer u-jean .	come back to me is a pop and r b song by japanese american pop singer utada .	silent prayer is a r b song by shanice featuring johnny gill .	just right for me is a r b song by american r b recording artist monica , featuring guest vocals from rapper lil wayne .
country song is a song by british singer songwriter jake bugg .	on my one is a song by english singer-songwriter jake bugg .	two fingers is a song by british singer songwriter jake bugg .	lightning bolt is a song by english singer-songwriter jake bugg .	on my one is the third studio album by english indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg .	on my one is the third studio album by english indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg .	on my one is the third studio album by english indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg .	on my one is the third studio album by english indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg .	on my one is the third studio album by english indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg .	on my one is the third studio album by english indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg .	on my one is the third studio album by english indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg .	on my one is the third studio album by english indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg .	on my one is the third studio album by english indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg .	slumville sunrise is a song by english singer-songwriter jake bugg .	taste it is a song by british singer songwriter jake bugg .	trouble town is a song by british singer songwriter jake bugg .	what does n't kill you is a song by english singer-songwriter jake bugg .	gim me the love is a song by english singer-songwriter jake bugg and is the second track on his third album on my one .	seen it all is a song by british singer songwriter jake bugg .	dream catch me is a song written by crispin hunt , newton faulkner and gordon mills , produced by mike spencer and performed by faulkner .
highway tune is a song by american rock band greta van fleet .	you 're the one is a song by american rock band greta van fleet .	safari song is a song by american rock band greta van fleet .	jump is a song by american hard rock band van halen .	on my one is the third studio album by english indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg .	on my one is the third studio album by english indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg .	on my one is the third studio album by english indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg .	on my one is the third studio album by english indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg .	on my one is the third studio album by english indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg .	on my one is the third studio album by english indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg .	on my one is the third studio album by english indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg .	on my one is the third studio album by english indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg .	on my one is the third studio album by english indie rock singer-songwriter jake bugg .	tattoo is the first song and single from the album , a different kind of truth , from american hard rock band van halen .	ca n't stop lovin ' you is a song by american hard rock band van halen .	bitch 's brew is a song from hard rock band aerosmith 's seventh studio album , rock in a hard place .	ca n't get this stuff no more is a song on american hard rock band van halen 's 1996 compilation best of -- volume i .	hard as a rock is a song and a single by the australian hard rock band ac/dc .	she 's the woman is the second song and single from the album , a different kind of truth , from american hard rock band van halen .	avellaneda blues is a song by the argentine blues rock band manal .
blue guitar is a song written by burt bacharach and hal david .	do you want it right now is a 1985 song by singer siedah garrett for the film fast forward .	man in the mirror is a song recorded by michael jackson , written by glen ballard and siedah garrett and produced by jackson and quincy jones .	i just do n't know what to do with myself is a song written by burt bacharach and hal david .	are you there ( with another girl ) is a song written by burt bacharach and hal david for american singer dionne warwick .	one less bell to answer is a song written by burt bacharach and hal david .	do n't you believe it is a song written by burt bacharach and bob hillard and performed by andy williams .	tower of strength is a song written by burt bacharach and bob hilliard and performed by gene mcdaniels .	walk on by is a song composed by burt bacharach , with lyrics by hal david for singer dionne warwick in 1963 .	when i think of you is a song written by james williams and performed by leif garrett .	feel love is a song by american singer-songwriter sean garrett featuring american rapper , j. cole .	i was made for dancin ' is a song written by michael lloyd and performed by leif garrett .	nobody does it better is a song composed by marvin hamlisch with lyrics by carole bayer sager .	any day now is a popular song written by burt bacharach and bob hilliard in 1962 .	odds and ends is a 1969 song by dionne warwick , written by burt bacharach and hal david .	cindy , oh cindy is a song , written by robert nemiroff and burt d'lugoff 1 2 and credited to their pseudonyms , robert barron and burt long .	i did it for love is a song by korean pop singer boa featuring american singer-songwriter and record producer sean garrett .	the night has a thousand eyes is a song written by benjamin weisman , dorothy wayne , and marilyn garrett .	betcha say that is a song from 1987 performed by gloria estefan and miami sound machine from their 1987 album , let it loose .	tambourine is a hip hop song written by eve , swizz beatz , and sean garrett .
wildflower is the fifth studio album by american singer-songwriter sheryl crow , first released september 27 , 2005 .	no , it is n't is a song by american rock band +44 , released on december 13 , 2005 as their debut track .	asap is a song by american hip hop recording artist t.i. , released on may 24 , 2005 , as the third single from his third album , urban legend ( 2004 ) .	u do n't know me is a song by american hip hop recording artist t.i. , released on january 11 , 2005 , as the second single from his third studio album , urban legend ( 2004 ) .	welcome home is a song by progressive rock band coheed and cambria , released on september 20 , 2005 through columbia records .	caramel is a song by blur , the tenth track on their 1999 album 13 .	wid out ya is a song performed by polish band blog 27 from their 2005 debut album lol .	september all over is the third and final single by swedish singer and songwriter september from her debut studio album september .	sail away is a song by the finnish rock band the rasmus , originally released on the band 's sixth studio album hide from the sun on september 2 , 2005 .	no fear is a song by the finnish alternative rock band the rasmus , originally released on the band 's sixth studio album hide from the sun on september 2 , 2005 .	ithica 27 ϕ 9 is a song by scottish post-rock band mogwai .	wake me up when september ends is a song by american rock band green day , released on august 31 , 2005 , as the fourth single from the group 's seventh studio album , american idiot ( 2004 ) .	27 is a song by scottish band biffy clyro from their 2002 debut album , blackened sky .	rollout ( my business ) is a hip-hop song , of the dirty rap and comedy rap types , performed by ludacris .	murder rap is a song by american gangsta rap group above the law , released as a single on february 8 , 1990 .	bootzilla is a song recorded by bootsy 's rubber band , released on january 13 , 1978 .	i dag i morgon is a pop song written by thomas g : son and calle kindbom .	show me heaven is a song written by pär lönn , thomas g : son , calle kindbom , susie päivärinta and nestor geli , and performed by lili susie at melodifestivalen 2009 .	urban guerrilla is a 1973 song by the uk rock group hawkwind .	lolita is a song recorded by australian duo the veronicas , released on 27 july 2012 .
little things is the first single released by american soul and r b singer-songwriter india arie from her second studio album voyage to india .	india , india is a song written by john lennon and recorded in 1980 , 1 but not released until 2010 's john lennon signature box .	taste of india is a song by american hard rock band aerosmith .	ai n't talkin ' ` bout love is a song by american rock band van halen .	ai n't thinkin ' ` bout you is a song by rapper bow wow .	theme song from ` which way is up ' was a hit song by r b female vocal group stargard .	ai n't talkin ' ` bout dub is a song by english electronic music group apollo 440 .	when the ` yanks ' come marching home is a world war i era song released in 1917 .	nuthin ' but a ` g ' thang is a song by american rapper dr .	vineet alurkar is an indian musician and singer-songwriter from pune , india .	'' ` let me down easy ' '' is a 1965 song recorded by american soul singer bettye lavette .	6 in the mornin ' is a song by ice-t .	talkin ' ` bout a revolution is the second single from singer-songwriter tracy chapman 's self-titled debut album .	do n't be messin ' ` round is a song by american recording artist michael jackson .	everything starts with an ` e ' is a song by e-zee possee featuring vocals from mc kinky .	'' ` movin ' on '' is a song written and recorded by english girl group bananarama .	'' ` pride n joy ' '' is a song written by american rapper fat joe .	talkin ' ` bout you is a song written by ray charles .	the goonies ` r ' good enough is a 1985 song by american singer cyndi lauper .	'' ` face the face ' '' is a song by pete townshend .
sweet lady is a song by british rock band queen , which was written by queen guitarist brian may .	tie your mother down is a song by the british rock band queen , written by lead guitarist brian may .	killer queen is a tribute album of queen songs .	driven by you is a song by queen 's lead guitarist brian may .	innuendo is a song by the british rock band queen .	dragon attack is a song by the british rock band queen and written by the band 's lead guitarist , brian may .	killer queen is a song by the british rock band queen .	flash is a song by the british rock band queen .	headlong is a song by the british rock band queen .	it 's late is a song written by queen guitarist brian may and performed by the band for their 1977 album news of the world .	we will rock you is a song written by brian may and recorded by queen for their 1977 album news of the world .	hard as a rock is a song and a single by the australian hard rock band ac/dc .	good company is a song by british rock band queen , which was written by brian may .	breakthru is a song by the british rock band queen .	the invisible man is a song by the british rock band queen , written by drummer roger taylor but credited to queen .	it 's a hard life is a song by the british rock band queen , written by lead singer freddie mercury .	scandal is a song by the british rock band queen .	out of time is a song by american hard rock band stone temple pilots , released as a free download on may 19 , 2013 via the band 's official website .	no secrets is a song by australian hard rock group , the angels , released in may 1980 from their album , dark room .	shake your foundations is a song and single by australian hard rock band ac/dc , written by angus and malcolm young and brian johnson .
piano man is a song written and performed by american singer-songwriter billy joel .	honesty is a song by american singer and songwriter billy joel .	leningrad is a 1989 song written and performed by american singer and songwriter billy joel .	the ballad of billy the kid is a song by american singer-songwriter billy joel from the album piano man .	uptown girl is a song written and performed by american musician billy joel .	modern woman is a song performed by billy joel from his album the bridge .	the river of dreams is a song by american musician billy joel .	movin ' out ( anthony 's song ) is a song written and recorded by billy joel .	everybody loves you now is a song written by billy joel .	keeping the faith is a song by rock singer-songwriter billy joel , released from his 1983 album an innocent man .	all about soul is a single by singer/songwriter billy joel .	she 's always a woman is a song from billy joel 's 1977 album the stranger .	zanzibar is a song written by billy joel that first appeared on his 1978 album 52nd street .	my life is a song by billy joel that first appeared on his 1978 album 52nd street .	new york state of mind is a song written by billy joel which initially appeared on the album turnstiles in 1976 .	root beer rag is a song from billy joel 's 1974 album streetlife serenade .	all for leyna is a song by billy joel from the 1980 album glass houses .	do n't ask me why is a billy joel song released in 1980 .	until the night is a song written by billy joel for his 1978 album , 52nd street .	only the good die young is a song from billy joel 's 1977 rock album the stranger .
all cried out is a song by english singer-songwriter alison moyet .	church is a song by australian electronic dj and producer alison wonderland .	wishing you were here is a song by british singer-songwriter alison moyet , released in 1991 as the second single from her third studio album hoodoo .	do you ever wonder is a song by english singer alison moyet , released in 2002 as the second single from her fifth studio album hometime .	chinese food is a song by alison gold .	this house is a song by the british singer-songwriter alison moyet , released in 1991 as the fourth single from her third studio album hoodoo .	falling is a song by the british singer-songwriter alison moyet , released in 1993 as the lead single from her fourth studio album essex .	should i feel that it 's over is a song by english singer alison moyet , released in 2002 as the lead single from her fifth studio album hometime .	more is a song by english singer alison moyet , released in 2003 as the third and final single from her fifth studio album hometime .	ordinary girl is a song by english singer alison moyet , released in 1987 as the third single from her second studio album raindancing .	it wo n't be long is a song by the british singer-songwriter alison moyet , released in 1991 as the lead single from her third studio album hoodoo .	changeling is a song by english pop singer-songwriter alison moyet , and is the third single released off her eighth studio album , the minutes ( 2013 ) .	love resurrection is a pop song written by english singer-songwriter alison moyet and producers jolley swain for moyet 's debut studio album alf ( 1984 ) .	love reign supreme is a song by english pop singer-songwriter alison moyet , and is the second single released off her eighth studio album , the minutes ( 2013 ) .	sleep like breathing is a song by british singer-songwriter alison moyet with david freeman , released in 1987 as the fourth and final single from her second studio album raindancing .	i want u is a song by australian electronic dj and producer alison wonderland .	for you only is a song by british singer-songwriter alison moyet , released in 1985 as the fourth and final single from her debut studio album alf .	getting into something is a song by british singer-songwriter alison moyet , released in 1994 as the third single from her fourth studio album essex .	the rarest birds is a song by the british singer-songwriter alison moyet , released in 2017 as the second single from her ninth studio album other .	reassuring pinches is a song by english singer-songwriter alison moyet , released as the first single from her ninth studio album , other ( 2017 ) .
heart like a wheel is a song by the british synthpop group the human league .	louise is a song by the british synthpop group the human league .	filling up with heaven is a song by the british synthpop group the human league .	soundtrack to a generation is a song by the british synthpop group the human league .	one man in my heart is a song recorded by british synthpop band the human league .	open your heart is a song by the british synthpop group the human league .	tell me when is a song by the british synthpop group the human league .	empire state human is a song by the british synthpop group the human league .	stay with me tonight is a song by the british synthpop group the human league .	boys and girls is a song by the british synthpop group the human league .	the things that dreams are made of is a song by the english synthpop group the human league .	the sound of the crowd is a song by the british synthpop group the human league .	love is all that matters is a song by the british synthpop group the human league .	mirror man is a 1982 song by the british synthpop group the human league .	being boiled is a song by the british synthpop band the human league .	night people is a song by the british synthpop group the human league , released on 22 november 2010 .	together in electric dreams is a song by the british singer and composer philip oakey and italian composer and producer giorgio moroder .	good-bye bad times is a song by the british singer and composer philip oakey and producer giorgio moroder .	be my lover now is a song by the british singer and composer philip oakey and producer giorgio moroder .	what comes after goodbye is a song by the three piece sheffield group , respect , written by walmsley/robson/hartley and philip oakey .
happy is a song performed by british singer leona lewis for her second studio album echo ( 2009 ) .	echo is the second studio album by british singer and songwriter leona lewis .	echo is the second studio album by british singer and songwriter leona lewis .	echo is the second studio album by british singer and songwriter leona lewis .	i am is the fifth studio album by british singer and songwriter leona lewis .	i am is the fifth studio album by british singer and songwriter leona lewis .	i am is the fifth studio album by british singer and songwriter leona lewis .	i am is the fifth studio album by british singer and songwriter leona lewis .	i am is the fifth studio album by british singer and songwriter leona lewis .	i am is the fifth studio album by british singer and songwriter leona lewis .	i am is the fifth studio album by british singer and songwriter leona lewis .	take a bow is a song recorded by british singer leona lewis for her debut studio album spirit ( 2007 ) .	homeless is a song by british singer-songwriter leona lewis from her debut studio album , spirit ( 2007 ) .	bleeding love is a song performed by british singer leona lewis , who released it from her 2007 debut studio album , spirit .	footprints in the sand is a song recorded by british singer leona lewis for her debut studio album spirit ( 2007 ) .	whatever it takes is a song by british singer-songwriter leona lewis from her debut studio album , spirit ( 2007 ) .	i am is a song by british singer and songwriter leona lewis from her fifth studio album , i am ( 2015 ) .	better in time is a pop and r b song performed by british singer leona lewis .	lovebird is a song recorded by british singer-songwriter leona lewis for her third studio album glassheart ( 2012 ) .	thunder is a song by british singer and songwriter leona lewis from her fifth studio album , i am ( 2015 ) .
hold me is a song by the american pop singer laura branigan , released in 1985 as the second single from her fourth studio album hold me .	who 's leaving who is a song written by jack white and mark spiro , first recorded by canadian country singer anne murray in 1986 .	hold me now is a song composed and performed by irish singer johnny logan .	hold me now is a song by british band the thompson twins .	are you still in love with me is a song written by jack white , k. c. porter , and mark spiro , and performed by anne murray .	on hold is a song by english indie pop band the xx .	hold me is a song written and recorded by american country music artist k. t. oslin .	hold on is a song by american pop rock band jonas brothers .	let me hold you is a song by american rapper bow wow .	hold me was the song that represented azerbaijan in the eurovision song contest 2013 .	i wan na hold you is a song by english pop rock band mcfly .	you used to hold me is a song by scottish dj calvin harris .	hold on me is a song by british pop artist marlon roudette , from his debut solo album matter fixed .	hold on to me is a song by australian blues and rock band the black sorrows .	hold me in your arms is a song written and performed by rick astley .	hold the line is a pop song performed by german singer jeanette .	hold me , thrill me , kiss me , kill me is a song by irish rock band u2 .	my friend jack is a psychedelic pop song released by the english pop group the smoke in 1967 .	something 's got a hold on me is a song by american singer etta james .	hold me , thrill me , kiss me is a song written by harry noble and originally performed by karen chandler in 1952 .
if only is an alternative rock song performed by scottish singer kt tunstall .	'' ( still a ) weirdo '' is a song by scottish recording artist kt tunstall .	hold on is an alternative rock song performed by scottish singer kt tunstall .	it took me so long to get here , but here i am is a song by scottish recording artist kt tunstall .	evil eye is a song by scottish recording artist kt tunstall .	another place to fall is a song by scottish singer kt tunstall .	all or nothing is a song by scottish recording artist kt tunstall .	feel it all is a song by scottish recording artist kt tunstall .	miracle is a song by scottish recording artist kt tunstall for the film winter 's tale .	saving my face is a song performed by scottish singer kt tunstall .	other side of the world is a song by scottish singer-songwriter kt tunstall and is the opening track on her debut album , eye to the telescope .	under the weather is an alternative rock song performed by scottish singer-songwriter kt tunstall .	fade like a shadow is a 2010 song by scottish singer/songwriter kt tunstall .	suddenly i see is a song by scottish singer-songwriter kt tunstall and is featured on her debut album , eye to the telescope .	we could be kings is a song by scottish recording artist kt tunstall and academy award winning composer a.r.rahman for the film million dollar arm .	push that knot away is a 2010 song by scottish singer/songwriter kt tunstall .	when a woman cries is a song written by buck moore and mentor williams , and recorded by american country music artist janie fricke .	tell me i 'm not dreamin ' ( too good to be true ) is a song by jermaine jackson featuring his younger brother michael jackson , taken from jermaine jackson 's eponymous album .	the last song is a song by american rock band the all-american rejects , released as the second single from their self-titled debut studio album on april 21 , 2003 .	come home is a song by english alternative rock band placebo .
stray cat blues is the eighth song on the rolling stones ' album beggars banquet .	19th nervous breakdown is a song by the english rock band the rolling stones .	moonlight mile is a song by the rolling stones .	sister morphine is a song written by marianne faithfull , mick jagger and keith richards .	trouble is a song by english musician and guitarist of the rock band the rolling stones , keith richards .	brown sugar is a song by the rolling stones .	slave is a song by the rolling stones on their 1981 album tattoo you .	honky tonk women is a 1969 hit song by the rolling stones .	let it bleed is a song by english rock band the rolling stones .	i got the blues is a song from the rolling stones ' 1971 album sticky fingers .	ventilator blues is a song by english rock band the rolling stones , which is included on their 1972 album exile on main st.	respectable is a song by the rolling stones from their 1978 album some girls .	little by little is a song by the rolling stones recorded in february 1964 .	lies is a song by the rolling stones from their 1978 album some girls .	god gave me everything was the fourth track and single from english singer-songwriter mick jagger 's fourth solo album , goddess in the doorway .	joy was the second track from english singer-songwriter mick jagger 's fourth solo album , goddess in the doorway ( 2001 ) .	streets of love is a song by rock band the rolling stones which was released as a double a-side single with `` rough justice '' from the rolling stones ' 2005 album a bigger bang .	shattered is a song by the rolling stones from their 1978 album some girls .	old habits die hard is a song from the 2004 movie alfie , with music by david stewart and lyrics by mick jagger , and performed by jagger .	just another night is a song written and performed by mick jagger , released as the first single from his debut album , she 's the boss , in 1985 .
being a girl ( or `` being a girl ( part one ) '' ) is a song by the english alternative rock band mansun .	six is a song by the english alternative rock band mansun .	electric man is a song by the english alternative rock band mansun .	skin up pin up and `` flourella '' are two songs by the english alternative rock band mansun .	she makes my nose bleed is a song by the english alternative rock band mansun .	negative is a song by the english alternative rock band mansun .	slipping away is a song by the english alternative rock band mansun .	i can only disappoint u is a song by the english alternative rock band mansun .	us and them : symphonic pink floyd is an instrumental album of pink floyd songs .	name is an alternative rock song by the american rock band goo goo dolls .	run is a song from australian alternative rock group , george .	i am a rock is a song written by paul simon .	cherub rock is a song by american alternative rock band the smashing pumpkins .	ice queen is a song by dutch symphonic metal band within temptation .	fantasmic is a song by the finnish symphonic metal band nightwish from their album wishmaster .	endless forms most beautiful is a song by finnish symphonic metal band nightwish .	all of the dreamers is an alternative rock song recorded by australian alternative rock band powderfinger .	whole world is watching is a song by dutch symphonic metal and rock band within temptation from their sixth studio album , hydra .	kicks is a song by american rock band paul revere the raiders .	i will dare is a song by american alternative rock band the replacements , written by paul westerberg .
forever is a song recorded by american country music artist john michael montgomery .	there you were is a song recorded by canadian country music artist john landry .	mother is a song by english musician john lennon , first released on his 1970 album john lennon/plastic ono band .	my big john is a song recorded by american country music artist dottie west .	paradise is a song recorded by american country music artist john anderson .	thank god i 'm a country boy , also known as `` country boy '' , is a song written by john martin sommers 1 and recorded by american singer/songwriter john denver .	hold on is a song from the album john lennon/plastic ono band by john lennon .	almost saturday night is a song written by john fogerty and first released on his 1975 album john fogerty .	my mummy 's dead is the closing song on the album john lennon/plastic ono band by john lennon .	renegades of funk is a song written by afrika bambaataa , arthur baker , john miller john robie and recorded by afrika bambaataa soulsonic force .	sir don is a song written and recorded by australian country singer john williamson .	levon is a song written by elton john and bernie taupin and recorded by elton john .	crawling up a hill is a song written by john mayall , and recorded by john mayall the bluesbreakers .	somebody slap me is a song recorded by american country music artist john anderson .	rip rip woodchip is a song by australian country singer john williamson .	well well well is a song by english musician john lennon from his 1970 album john lennon/plastic ono band .	wild and blue is a song written by john scott sherrill , and recorded by american country music artist john anderson .	a dear john letter , or `` dear john '' is the name of a popular country music song , written by billy barton , fuzzy owen and lewis talley .	i will , if you will is a song written by randy goodrum and john barlow jarvis , and recorded by american country music artist john berry .	what 's in it for me is a song written by gary burr and john jarrard , and recorded by american country music artist john berry .
wait for a minute is a song by american rapper tyga and canadian singer justin bieber .	friends is a song by canadian singer justin bieber and american record producer and songwriter bloodpop .	love me is a song by canadian recording artist , justin bieber .	favorite girl is a song by canadian recording artist , justin bieber .	mistletoe is a christmas song by canadian singer justin bieber .	u smile is a song performed by canadian recording artist justin bieber .	pray is a song performed by canadian recording artist justin bieber .	purpose is the fourth studio album by canadian singer and songwriter justin bieber .	purpose is the fourth studio album by canadian singer and songwriter justin bieber .	purpose is the fourth studio album by canadian singer and songwriter justin bieber .	purpose is the fourth studio album by canadian singer and songwriter justin bieber .	purpose is the fourth studio album by canadian singer and songwriter justin bieber .	purpose is the fourth studio album by canadian singer and songwriter justin bieber .	purpose is the fourth studio album by canadian singer and songwriter justin bieber .	purpose is the fourth studio album by canadian singer and songwriter justin bieber .	we were born for this is a song recorded by canadian songwriter and singer justin bieber .	one less lonely girl is a song by canadian recording artist justin bieber .	confident is a song by canadian recording artist justin bieber featuring american recording artist chance the rapper , from bieber 's second compilation journals ( 2013 ) .	eenie meenie is a song by american singer sean kingston and canadian singer justin bieber .	all that matters is a song by canadian recording artist justin bieber .
heaven is the debut studio album by english singer-songwriter rebecca ferguson .	teach me how to be loved is a song recorded by british soul recording artist rebecca ferguson , taken from her debut album heaven ( 2012 ) .	backtrack is a song recorded by british soul recording artist rebecca ferguson , taken as the lead single from the deluxe edition of her debut album heaven ( 2012 ) .	light on is a song recorded by british singer rebecca ferguson .	i hope is a song recorded by british singer rebecca ferguson .	all that i 've got is a song recorded by british singer rebecca ferguson .	too good to lose is a song by british singer songwriter rebecca ferguson .	my moment is a song by american recording artist rebecca black .	sing it is a song by american recording artist rebecca black .	person of interest is a song by american recording artist rebecca black .	nothing 's real but love is the debut single by english singer-songwriter rebecca ferguson .	you are loved is a song by christian pop and rock artist rebecca st .	in your words is a song by american singer rebecca black .	forgive is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer rebecca lynn howard .	the song `` backwater blues '' is a blues and jazz standard .	ai n't nobody here but us chickens is a jump blues song , written by alex kramer and joan whitney .	the closer i get to you is a romantic ballad performed by african american jazz , soul , r b , and folk singer-songwriter roberta flack and african american soul musician donny hathaway .	shakedown cruise is a song written and recorded by jay ferguson , from his album real life ai n't this way .	the carroll county accident is a 1968 country song written by bob ferguson , and recorded by porter wagoner that year .	everytime is a 1998 song by tatyana ali written by alex cantrall with lyrics by joe priolo , produced by will smith .
i will survive is a hit song first performed by american singer gloria gaynor , released in october 1978 .	gloria is a song by rock band u2 .	gloria is japanese pop rock singer-songwriter yui 's fifteenth single .	heaven 's what i feel is a song by gloria estefan , released as the first single from her eighth studio album gloria !	san francisco ( you 've got me ) is a disco song by the american disco group village people .	secrets is a song recorded by american recording artist mary lambert .	hang out with you is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter mary lambert .	cuba libre ( free cuba ) is a song by gloria estefan , released as the third single from her eighth studio album , gloria !	if you think you 're lonely now is a song recorded and released as a single by american soul singer-songwriter bobby womack in 1982 .	me and bobby and bobby 's brother is a song by abba , released on their 1973 album ring ring .	i pity the fool is a soul blues song originally recorded by bobby bland in 1961 for his first duke records album , two steps from the blues .	two fux is a song by american singer-songwriter adam lambert .	out of nowhere is a song by gloria estefan .	como me duele perderte ( how it hurts to lose you ) is a song by gloria estefan , released as her second single from her third spanish album alma caribeña ~ caribbean soul .	disco duck is a satirical disco novelty song performed by rick dees and his cast of idiots .	no me dejes de querer ( never stop loving me ) is a song by gloria estefan , released as the first single from her third spanish album alma caribeña ~ caribbean soul .	disco inferno is a song by american disco band the trammps from their 1976 fourth studio album of the same name .	i love the nightlife ( disco ` round ) is a popular disco song recorded by alicia bridges in 1978 .	lose you is an italo disco song written by peaches and simian mobile disco , and produced by simian mobile disco .	hurt so bad is a song written by teddy randazzo , bobby weinstein , and bobby hart .
falling in love is a song by south korean girl group 2ne1 .	do you love me is a song by south korean girl group 2ne1 .	scream is a song from south korean hip hop girl group 2ne1 .	hate you is a song recorded in two languages ( korean and japanese ) by south korean girl group 2ne1 .	judy is a song written and originally released by teddy redell .	teddy bear is a song made famous by country music singer red sovine .	beautiful is a dance and pop song by former dance duo , disco montego , featuring guest vocals by katie underwood .	do n't you worry my little pet is a song written by phil spector for the american pop quartet the teddy bears , of which he was a member .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	runaway is a song by linkin park .	i wan na have some fun is a pop -- dance song performed by british singer samantha fox .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	jalousi is a song performed by danish pop , dance and r b singer and songwriter medina .	love this town is a song by dizzee rascal , featuring vocals from teddy sky .	dance dance dance is a song by english musician james cottriall .	the rain , the park other things is a psychedelic pop song with music and lyrics co-written by artie kornfeld and steve duboff .	here i am is a pop dance song performed by the swedish band alcazar .	alibi is a pop / dance song released in 2013 by the swedish singer of persian origin eddie razaz .	giv slip is a song performed by danish pop , dance and r b singer and songwriter medina .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .
plastic is a song by english rock band new order .	age of consent is a song by new order .	regret is a song by british alternative rock band new order .	crystal is a song by the english rock band new order .	crystal is a song by the english rock band new order .	ruined in a day is a song by english rock group new order .	shaking ( party people ) is a song performed by brazilian recording artist kelly key .	world in motion is a song by british musical group new order ( credited as england new order ) .	spooky is a song by english rock band new order .	the perfect kiss is a song by the english alternative dance and rock band new order .	if i could be with you ( one hour tonight ) is a popular song .	blue monday is a song by the british rock band new order .	60 miles an hour is a song by the english new wave group new order , released as the second single from their seventh album get ready .	love vigilantes is a song by the english band new order .	round round is a song by the english band new order from their fifth studio album technique ( 1989 ) .	ceremony is a song by joy division , released as new order 's debut single in 1981 .	read my lips is a song recorded by italian dance act alex party .	audrey 's dance is an instrumental song by american composer angelo badalamenti for the television series twin peaks , appearing as the third track on the soundtrack album soundtrack from twin peaks ( 1990 ) .	less than an hour ( theme from rush hour 3 ) is a 2007 song by rapper nas and singer cee-lo .	party people is a song by the band parliament from their 1979 album gloryhallastoopid .
my home 's in alabama is a song written by randy owen and teddy gentry , and recorded by american country music band alabama .	tar top is a song written by randy owen , and recorded by american country music group alabama .	mountain music is a song written by randy owen , and recorded by american country music band alabama .	lady down on love is a song written by randy owen , and recorded by american country music band alabama .	face to face is a song written by randy owen and recorded by american country music group alabama .	feels so right is a song written by randy owen , and recorded by american country music band alabama .	small stuff is a song recorded by the american country music group alabama .	christmas in dixie is a song by american country band alabama .	she 's got that look in her eyes is a song written by randy owen and teddy gentry , and recorded by american country music group alabama .	sad lookin ' moon is a song written by randy owen , teddy gentry and greg fowler , and recorded by american country music group alabama .	old alabama is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer brad paisley , featuring guest vocals from the band alabama .	fallin ' again is a song written randy owen , teddy gentry and greg fowler , and recorded by american country music group alabama .	take me down is a song recorded by american country music band alabama .	dancin ' , shaggin ' on the boulevard is a song written by randy owen , teddy gentry and greg fowler , and recorded by american country music band alabama .	how country feels is a song recorded by american country music artist randy houser .	american country love song is a song recorded by american country music artist jake owen .	the cheap seats is a song written by marcus hummon and randy sharp , and recorded by american country music group alabama .	anywhere with you is a song recorded by american country music artist jake owen .	beachin ' is a song recorded by american country music artist jake owen .	tell me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer jake owen .
diary is a song written and produced by david gates , which was released by his band bread in 1972 , as a single and on the album baby i 'm - a want you .	you 're so pretty - we 're so pretty is a song by british band the charlatans ( known in the united states as the charlatans uk ) .	2 become 1 is a song by american pop singer -- songwriter jewel from her fourth studio album , 0304 ( 2003 ) .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	the night is still young is a single by rock singer billy joel released as a new song from his greatest hits album greatest hits - volume i and ii .	solo dance is a song by danish dj and producer martin jensen .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	light the universe is a song and a single made by the german power metal band helloween from their album keeper of the seven keys - the legacy .	nightclubbing is a song written by david bowie and iggy pop , 1 2 3 first released by iggy pop on his debut solo studio album , the idiot in 1977 .	beautiful life 1 2 is a lydia canaan song .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	champion sound is a song by english big beat musician fatboy slim from his compilation album the greatest hits - why try harder .	beautiful is a dance and pop song by former dance duo , disco montego , featuring guest vocals by katie underwood .	here i am is a pop dance song performed by the swedish band alcazar .	lollipop is a pop song written by julius dixson 1 and beverly ross in 1958 .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	cherry , cherry is a song written , composed , and recorded in february - march 1966 by american musician neil diamond .	flickorna på tv 2 ( the girls on tv 2 ) became one of swedish pop group gyllene tider 's early hit songs .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .	jalousi is a song performed by danish pop , dance and r b singer and songwriter medina .
you know i 'm no good is a song written and performed by english singer amy winehouse from her second and final studio album back to black ( 2006 ) .	rehab is a song written and performed by english singer and songwriter amy winehouse , from her second and final studio album back to black ( 2006 ) .	love is a losing game is a song by english singer and songwriter amy winehouse from her second and final studio album back to black ( 2006 ) .	back to black is a song by english singer and songwriter amy winehouse .	back to black is the second and final studio album by english singer and songwriter amy winehouse .	back to black is the second and final studio album by english singer and songwriter amy winehouse .	in my bed is a song by english singer and songwriter amy winehouse from her debut studio album frank ( 2003 ) .	take the box is a song by english singer and songwriter amy winehouse from her debut studio album frank ( 2003 ) .	you sent me flying is a song by english singer and songwriter amy winehouse from her debut studio album frank ( 2003 ) .	help yourself is a song by english singer and songwriter amy winehouse from her debut studio album frank ( 2003 ) .	fuck me pumps is a song by english singer and songwriter amy winehouse from her debut studio album frank ( 2003 ) .	stronger than me is a song by english singer and songwriter amy winehouse from her debut studio album frank ( 2003 ) .	just a little girl is the debut single from english singer/songwriter amy studt .	dream on is a song by scottish recording artist amy macdonald .	spark is a song performed by scottish singer amy macdonald .	this christmas day is a song by scottish singer-songwriter amy macdonald .	all loved up is a song recorded by australian singer-songwriter amy shark .	it can only get better is an english language song by swedish singer amy diamond .	adore is a song written and recorded by australian singer-songwriter amy shark .	amy 's back in austin is a song recorded by american country music group little texas .
i can be is a song by british singer-songwriter taio cruz , released as the fourth single from his debut album departure , released in may 2008 .	moving on is a song written and produced by taio cruz , and was the second single taken from his debut studio album departure ( 2008 ) .	she 's like a star is a song written , produced and performed by british singer and songwriter taio cruz .	do what you like is a single by british singer/songwriter and record producer taio cruz .	break your heart is a song by british singer and songwriter taio cruz .	i just wan na know is the debut single written and produced by english singer and songwriter taio cruz .	do n't you dare is a song by british singer/songwriter and record producer taio cruz .	higher is the fifth single from english singer-songwriter taio cruz 's second studio album , rokstarr .	falling in love is a song by english singer-songwriter taio cruz , released as the eighth overall single and second single from the second re-release of his second studio album , rokstarr .	dynamite is a song by british recording artist taio cruz for the international version of his second studio album , rokstarr ( 2010 ) .	who booty is a song by american r b singer jonn hart , featuring vocals from rapper iamsu !	primetime is a song by american psychedelic soul and r b singer janelle monáe featuring miguel .	hell yeah is a song by r b singer ginuwine featuring rapper birdman .	round up is a song by american rapper lady may , featuring american r b singer blu cantrell .	silent prayer is a r b song by shanice featuring johnny gill .	just right for me is a r b song by american r b recording artist monica , featuring guest vocals from rapper lil wayne .	either way is a song by american r b singer k. michelle featuring chris brown .	let me love you is a song by belgian electro house artist dj rebel and swedish singer mohombi featuring shaggy .	bad habits is an r b song by american r b singer maxwell .	todavía is a song by cruz martínez y los super reyes .
joyride is a song by the swedish pop duo roxette .	it must have been love is a song written by per gessle and performed by the swedish pop duo roxette .	the look is a song by the swedish pop duo roxette .	dangerous is a song by the swedish pop duo roxette .	the big l. is a song by swedish pop duo roxette .	reveal is a song by swedish pop music duo roxette , released on 10 january 2007 as the final single from the duo 's fourth greatest hits compilation album , a collection of roxette hits : their 20 greatest songs !	you do n't understand me is a song by swedish pop duo roxette .	one wish is a song by swedish pop music duo roxette , released on 9 october 2006 as the lead single from the duo 's fourth greatest hits compilation album , a collection of roxette hits : their 20 greatest songs !	i like it like that is a song written and performed by swedish musician per gessle .	sommartider , written by per gessle , is the song that throughout the years has become considered the signature song for swedish pop group gyllene tider .	flickan i en cole porter-sång is a song written by per gessle , and recorded by gyllene tider on the album puls .	det hjärta som brinner is a song written by per gessle , and recorded by gyllene tider on the 1981 album `` moderna tider '' .	det är över nu is a song written by per gessle , and recorded by gyllene tider releasing it as a single on 8 may 1995 .	'' ( kom så ska vi ) leva livet '' is a song written by per gessle and mats `` mp '' persson , recorded by gyllene tider and released as a single on 29 april 1981 .	kung av sand is a song written by per gessle , and recorded by gyllene tider releasing it as a single on 31 july 1995 .	'' älskade ängel '' is a song , written by per johan widestrand and recorded by lill-babs .	ska vi älska , så ska vi älska till buddy holly is a song written by per gessle and mats `` mp '' persson , recorded by gyllene tider and released as a single on 27 may 1980 .	nata per me ( `` born for me '' ) is a song by italian singer adriano celentano .	il sole esiste per tutti is a song by singer tiziano ferro .	uno per tutte ( english translation : `` one for all '' ) is a song written by tony renis , mogol and alberto testa .
when you get to the heart is song recorded by american country music artist barbara mandrell featuring the oak ridge boys .	beautiful you is a song written by dave hanner , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .	trying to love two women is a song written by sonny throckmorton , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .	heart of mine is a song written by michael foster , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .	i 'll be true to you is a song written by alan rhody , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .	juliet is a song written by john hall and larry hoppen , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .	an american family is a song written by bob corbin , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .	true heart is a song written by michael clark and don schlitz , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .	make my life with you is a song written by gary burr , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .	you 're the one is a song written by bob morrison , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .	little things is a song written by billy barber , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .	love song is a song written by steven runkle , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .	this crazy love is a song written by roger murrah and james dean hicks , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .	dream on is a song written by dennis lambert and brian potter , and recorded by the american country music group the oak ridge boys .	ozark mountain jubilee is a song written by scott anders and roger murrah and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .	cryin ' again is a song written by rafe vanhoy and don cook , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .	come on in is a song written by michael clark , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .	beyond those years is a song written by troy seals and eddie setser , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .	y' all come back saloon is a song written by sharon vaughn , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .	same ole me is a song written by paul overstreet and recorded by american country music artist george jones with the oak ridge boys .
friend of mine is a song by canadian alternative rock band treble charger .	red is a song from canadian alternative rock band treble charger .	american psycho is a song by canadian band treble charger .	sheena is a punk rocker is a song by the punk rock group the ramones .	candles is a song recorded by american pop punk band hey monday .	nineties is a song by english pop punk band busted .	responsibility is a song by punk rock band , mxpx .	hot mess is a song recorded by american pop punk band cobra starship .	year 3000 is a song performed by british pop punk band busted .	hit that is a pop punk song released by the american punk rock band the offspring .	tko is a song by american pop punk band motion city soundtrack .	days go by is a pop punk song by the american punk rock band the offspring .	punk rock song is a song written by greg graffin from the punk rock group bad religion .	meet you there is a song by english pop punk band busted .	lights and sounds is a song by the american pop punk band yellowcard .	the anthem is a song by american pop punk band good charlotte .	never too late is a song by canadian pop punk group hedley .	ocean avenue is a song by american pop punk band yellowcard .	who 's david is a song by british pop punk band busted .	rough landing , holly is a song by the american pop punk band yellowcard .
differences is an r b song by american singer ginuwine .	holler is a song by r b singer ginuwine .	there it is is a song by r b singer ginuwine .	same ol' g is a song by r b singer ginuwine .	none of ur friends business is a song by r b singer ginuwine .	tribute to a woman is a song by r b singer ginuwine and the final single from his third album the life .	hell yeah is a song by r b singer ginuwine featuring rapper birdman .	so anxious is a song by r b singer ginuwine .	just because is a song by r b singer ginuwine from his third album the life .	it 's the falling in love is a song by american recording artist michael jackson with guest vocals by r b singer songwriter patti austin .	honey love a song by american r b singer r. kelly and american r b group public announcement .	808 is an r b song released in 1999 by american r b girl group , blaque .	i do is an r b song released in 1999 by the american r b vocal trio , blaque .	pass you by is an r b song released by american r b quartet boyz ii men , from their fifth studio album nathan michael shawn wanya ( 2000 ) .	i 'm good is an r b song released in 2004 by american r b vocal trio , blaque .	yah mo b there is an r b song by american singers james ingram and michael mcdonald .	bad habits is an r b song by american r b singer maxwell .	come home to me is an r b song by american r b singer miki howard .	baby , be mine is an r b song by the american r b singer miki howard .	whatzupwitu ( pronounced `` what 's up with you '' ) is a 1993 r b song by eddie murphy , featuring michael jackson .
mi pc ( english : my pc ) is a song written and performed by dominican singer-songwriter juan luis guerra and his group , 4-40 .	hasta que me olvides ( `` until you forget me '' ) is a song written by juan luis guerra and performed by mexican recording artist luis miguel .	o tú o ninguna ( english : `` or you or nobody '' ) 1 is a song written by juan carlos calderón and produced and performed by mexican singer luis miguel .	debo hacerlo ( `` i must do it '' ) is a dance song written , produced and performed by mexican singer-songwriter juan gabriel .	don juan is a latin pop song by colombian recording artist fanny lu .	mañana , mañana ( english : `` tomorrow , tomorrow '' ) is a song written by mexican singer-songwriter juan gabriel .	costumbres is a song written and produced by juan gabriel and performed by spanish singer rocío dúrcal .	gracias a dios ( `` thank god '' ) is a song written by mexican songwriter juan gabriel and recorded by thalía .	habana is a song written by luis morera and performed by spanish singer miguel bosé with mexican singer alejandro fernández as a guest artist .	un momento is a song recorded by romanian singer inna featuring spanish singer and rapper juan magán .	tu amor is a song written by jeremías and performed by puerto rican singer luis fonsi .	es mi mujer ( `` it 's my woman '' ) is a song written by luis gómez escolar and k. c. porter , produced by juan carlos calderón and performed by mexican singer emmanuel .	así fue is a song written and produced by mexican singer-songwriter juan gabriel and performed by spanish singer isabel pantoja .	me gustas tal como eres ( spanish for `` i like you just the way you are '' ) is a song written juan carlos calderón and luis gómez escolar , produced by calderón , and performed by scottish singer sheena easton in a duet with mexican singer luis miguel .	aquí estoy yo ( english : here i am ) is a song written by luis fonsi , claudia brant and gen rubin ; it was produced by luis fonsi and sebastián krys for fonsi 's seventh studio album palabras del silencio ( 2008 ) , and it is performed by luis fonsi , aleks syntek , david bisbal , and noel schajris .	soy de san luis is a song written by santiago jiménez , jr .	imposible is a song by puerto rican singers luis fonsi and ozuna , released on october 19 , 2018 by universal music latin .	se me olvidó otra vez is a song written and performed by mexican singer-songwriter juan gabriel from his album juan gabriel con el mariachi vargas de tecalitlán ( 1974 ) .	clear is a 1983 electro song performed by the american group cybotron , and composed by cybotron members juan atkins and richard davis .	w · o · l · d is a song written and performed by harry chapin .
drop that kitty is a song by american rapper ty dolla sign , featuring english singer charli xcx and american singer tinashe .	superlove is a song recorded by american singer tinashe .	campaign is a song recorded by american singer ty dolla sign .	do n't panic is a song by american hip hop recording artist french montana .	work from home is a song recorded by american girl group fifth harmony featuring american singer ty dolla sign .	text from your ex is a song by british rapper tinie tempah featuring guest vocals from american singer tinashe .	2 on is a song by american singer-songwriter tinashe for her debut studio album aquarius ( 2014 ) .	otw ( an abbreviation for `` on the way '' ) is a song recorded by american singers khalid , ty dolla sign and 6lack .	i think she like me is a song by american hip hop recording artist rick ross , featuring vocals from american singer ty dolla $ ign .	so good is a song by swedish singer zara larsson featuring american rapper ty dolla $ ign .	saved is a song by american singer ty dolla sign included on his debut studio album , free tc ( 2015 ) , and features american rapper e-40 .	fu is a song by american singer miley cyrus , featuring american rapper french montana for her fourth studio album , bangerz ( 2013 ) .	one sign is a song recorded by french house group galleon .	shell shocked is a song by american hip hop recording artists juicy j , wiz khalifa and ty dolla sign featuring with electronic music dj kill the noise and musician madsonik , created for the 2014 film teenage mutant ninja turtles .	square biz is a song by american r b singer , teena marie .	marie is a 2002 song recorded by french singer johnny hallyday .	love you down is the title of an r b song written by melvin riley jr .	love 's taken over is a 1992 r b song by chanté moore .	silent prayer is a r b song by shanice featuring johnny gill .	meet me in montana is a song written by paul davis , and recorded by american country music artists dan seals and marie osmond .
vårens första dag ( swedish for `` first day of the spring '' ) is a song by swedish singer-songwriter laleh , taken as the second single from her fourth studio album , sjung .	bjurö klubb is a song by swedish singer-songwriter laleh .	live tomorrow is the third single by swedish singer-songwriter laleh from her self-titled debut album , released on august 31 , 2005 .	carnival is a pop song by the cardigans .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	on the ride is a pop song recorded by american teen pop duo aly aj for their debut album into the rush .	lay your love on me is a pop song by the british pop group racey , and was their second single release .	boy oh boy is a pop song by the british pop group racey and it is their fourth single release .	some girls is a pop song by the british pop group racey , it was their third single release .	funtime is a song written by david bowie and iggy pop , first released by iggy pop on his 1977 album entitled the idiot .	non ti scordar mai di me ( never forget about me ) is a pop song performed by italian pop singer giusy ferreri .	falling in love with only you is an pop song written and produced by terry britten and recorded by australian pop singer christie allen .	rush is a pop rock song recorded by american pop rock duo aly aj for their debut album into the rush .	my friend jack is a psychedelic pop song released by the english pop group the smoke in 1967 .	goosebumps is an pop song written by terry britten and b. a. robertson and recorded by australian pop singer christie allen .	aşk sakızı is a pop song by hepsi .	come back to me is a pop and r b song by japanese american pop singer utada .	potremmo ritornare is a pop song written by italian pop singer tiziano ferro .	keep on smilin ' is an pop song written by george young and harry vanda and recorded by australian pop singer john paul young .	bang bang is a song written by iggy pop and ivan kral in 1981 for iggy pop 's party album .
stand by you is a song by japanese singer songwriter mai kuraki , taken from her third compilation album mai kuraki best 151a : love hope ( 2014 ) .	your best friend is the single by japanese singer-songwriter mai kuraki .	love , needing is a song recorded by japanese singer songwriter mai kuraki , taken from her fifth studio album fuse of love .	always is a song by japanese singer mai kuraki .	never gon na give you up is a song recorded by japanese singer mai kuraki .	diamond wave is a song recorded by japanese singer songwriter mai kuraki , taken from her sixth studio album diamond wave ( 2006 ) .	secret of my heart is a song by japanese singer songwriter mai kuraki , taken from her debut album delicious way ( 2000 ) .	love , day after tomorrow is a song recorded by japanese singer mai kuraki , taken as the lead single of her debut studio album delicious way ( 2000 ) .	stay by my side a song recorded by japanese singer mai kuraki from her debut album delicious way ( 2000 ) .	growing of my heart is a song recorded by japanese singer and songwriter mai kuraki , which she released as the lead single from her sixth album , diamond wave ( 2006 ) .	yesterday love ( stylized as `` yesterday love '' ) is a song by japanese singer songwriter mai kuraki , taken from her eleventh studio album smile ( 2017 ) .	reach for the sky is a song by japanese singer songwriter mai kuraki , taken from her second studio album perfect crime ( 2001 ) .	stand up is a song by japanese singer-songwriter mai kuraki from her second studio album , perfect crime ( 2001 ) .	boyfriend is a song from japanese singer mai kuraki and american singer-songwriter michael africk , taken from kuraki 's ninth studio album future kiss .	we are happy women is a song recorded by japanese singer-songwriter mai kuraki , taken from her twelfth studio album kimi omou : shunkashūtō ( 2018 ) .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	non ti scordar mai di me ( never forget about me ) is a pop song performed by italian pop singer giusy ferreri .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	come se non fosse stato mai amore is a song recorded by italian singer laura pausini and released on 25 march 2005 as the third single from her 2004 's album resta in ascolto .
halo is a song recorded by scottish alternative rock band texas released on 7 april 1997 and the second single to be released from their uk # 1 fourth album white on blonde .	white ( stylized `` white '' ) is a song by south korean rock band cnblue .	red hill mining town is a song by the rock band u2 .	wait is a song recorded by white lion and written by white lion vocalist mike tramp and guitarist vito bratta .	icky thump is a song recorded by the american alternative rock band the white stripes .	put your arms around me is a romance song by scottish alternative rock band texas and the fourth single to be released from their album white on blonde .	kentish town waltz is a song by irish rockabilly singer imelda may .	hot town is a song by australian musician jon english .	selections from irving berlin 's white christmas is an album with songs from the 1954 movie , white christmas .	run this town is a song by american rapper jay-z .	butterfly is a song by american rap rock band crazy town .	revolving door is a song by american rap rock band crazy town .	we 're going to be friends is a song by the american alternative rock band white stripes from their album white blood cells .	there 's no home for you here is a song by american alternative rock band the white stripes , featured on their 2003 fourth studio album elephant .	my kind of town or `` my kind of town ( chicago is ) '' is a popular song composed by jimmy van heusen , with lyrics by sammy cahn .	fell in love with a girl is a song by the american garage rock band the white stripes , written and produced by jack white for the band 's third studio album , white blood cells ( 2001 ) .	white knuckles is a song by alternative rock band ok go from the album of the blue colour of the sky .	tear up this town is a 2016 song by english alternative rock band keane .	lonesome town is a song written by baker knight .	trouble town is a song by british singer songwriter jake bugg .
powerless is a song by american rock band linkin park .	iridescent is a song by american rock band linkin park .	papercut is a song by american rock band linkin park .	from the inside is a song by american rock band linkin park .	crawling is a song by american rock band linkin park .	lies greed misery is a song by american rock band linkin park .	wretches and kings is a song by american rock band linkin park .	given up is a song by american rock band linkin park .	final masquerade is a song by american rock band linkin park .	invisible is a song by american rock band linkin park .	breaking the habit is a song by american rock band linkin park .	somewhere i belong is a song by american rock band linkin park .	in the end is a song by american rock band linkin park .	new divide is a song by american rock band linkin park .	numb is a song by american rock band linkin park .	bleed it out is a song by american rock band linkin park .	talking to myself is a song by american rock band linkin park .	no more sorrow is a song by american rock band linkin park .	runaway is a song by linkin park .	one more light is a song by american rock band linkin park .
paradiso ( english : paradise ) is a song by marika gombitová released on jumbo records in 1994 .	audio is a song by pop music group lsd .	chlapci v pasci ( english : boys in a trap ) is a song by marika gombitová released on opus in 1986 .	'' študentská láska '' ( english : student love ) is a song by the female singer marika gombitová released on opus in 1978 .	shame is a song recorded by british pop music duo eurythmics .	peklo milencov ( english : lovers ' hell ) is a song by marika gombitová released on jumbo records in 1994 .	svet stromov ( english : the world of trees ) is a song by marika gombitová , released on single by opus in 1980 .	genius is a song by pop music group lsd .	statements is a song by swedish pop singer and music producer loreen .	mountains is a song by pop music group lsd .	the king and queen of america is a song recorded by pop music duo eurythmics .	sober is a song performed by swedish pop singer and music producer loreen .	missionary man is a song by the british pop music duo eurythmics .	brand new key is a pop song written and sung by folk music singer melanie .	windy is a pop music song written by ruthann friedman and recorded by the association .	horehronie is a slovak pop song , composed by martin kavulič with lyrics by poet kamil peteraj and performed by kristina , and it was the slovak entry at the eurovision song contest 2010 .	american girl is a single by american pop music singer and songwriter bonnie mckee .	play house is a single by american pop music singer and songwriter colette carr .	simple things is the twelfth studio album by christian music and pop music singer-songwriter amy grant , released in 2003 .	cold , cold heart is a country music and pop song recorded by hank williams .
suitcase is a song by american recording artist mary j. blige .	family affair is a song by american singer mary j. blige .	deep inside is a song by american r b singer-songwriter mary j. blige .	doubt is a song by american singer mary j. blige .	right now is a song by american singer mary j. blige .	therapy is a song by american singer mary j. blige .	you bring me joy is a song performed by american r b singer-songwriter mary j. blige .	each tear is a song performed by american r b recording artist mary j. blige .	missing you is a song by american r b singer case .	i 'll do 4 u is a song by american hip hop artist father mc , and features r b artist mary j. blige .	everything is a 1997 song by r b singer mary j. blige .	love a woman is a song recorded by american r b singer mary j. blige featuring beyoncé from the former 's tenth studio album my life ii .	i am is a song taken from american r b singer-songwriter mary j. blige 's ninth studio album , stronger with each tear .	show out is a song by american hip hop recording artist juicy j .	love is all we need is a 1997 song by r b singer mary j. blige .	mighty river is a 2017 song performed by mary j. blige .	bandz a make her dance is a song by american hip hop recording artist juicy j .	yamborghini high is a song by american hip hop collective asap mob featuring american rapper juicy j .	oopdeewopdee is a hip hop , r b , and soul song by casablanca records recording group nss16 .	do n't wan na try is a song by r b singer frankie j .
alligator sky is a song by american electronica project owl city from his third studio album all things bright and beautiful .	shooting star is a song by american electronica project owl city from his second extended play shooting star .	verge is a song by american electronica project owl city from his fifth studio album mobile orchestra .	vanilla twilight is a song by american electronica act owl city .	peppermint winter is a song by american electronica project owl city .	umbrella beach is a song by american electronica act owl city .	beautiful is a song by contemporary christian music band mercyme .	yours is a song recorded by contemporary christian singer and songwriter steven curtis chapman .	finally home is a song by contemporary christian music band mercyme .	living hope is a song by american contemporary christian musician phil wickham .	losing is a song by christian contemporary christian music band tenth avenue north from their third studio album , the struggle .	east to west is a song recorded by contemporary christian band casting crowns .	trust in you is a song by american contemporary christian music singer-songwriter lauren daigle .	every man is a song by contemporary christian and christian rock band casting crowns from their 2007 album the altar and the door .	we in da city is a song by american rapper young dro .	after your heart is the third single by american contemporary christian and contemporary worship music singer phil wickham from his second studio album , cannons , the song reached no .	only jesus is a song by american contemporary christian and christian rock band casting crowns .	i need a miracle is a song by christian contemporary christian music southern rock and christian rock band third day from their eleventh studio album , miracle .	god gave me you is a song written and originally recorded by american contemporary christian music singer dave barnes .	o'lord is a song by american contemporary christian music singer-songwriter lauren daigle .
long as i live is a song by american recording artist toni braxton released on february 9 , 2018 .	django jane is a song recorded by singer and songwriter janelle monáe , released on february 22 , 2018 as the second single , alongside `` make me feel '' , from her third studio album , dirty computer .	bailando ( english : dancing ) is a song by the brazilian girl group rouge , released as the group 's first return single on february 4 , 2018 , and is distributed by sony music .	trap is a song by colombian singer shakira released as the fourth official single from el dorado on 26 january 2018 .	44 more is a song recorded by american rapper logic , released via def jam recordings on february 23 , 2018 .	jimmy jimmy is a top 20 punk rock song originally written and recorded by northern irish band the undertones in the spring of 1979 .	djadja is a song released by aya nakamura in 2018 .	jimmy choo is a song by american rapper fetty wap .	baby you 're a haunted house is a song by gerard way , released as a single on october 26 , 2018 .	make me feel is a song by american singer janelle monáe , released on february 22 , 2018 as the lead single from her third studio album , dirty computer .	quiz is a song by american rapper cupcakke , released on april 27 , 2018 as the first single from her fourth studio album eden ( 2018 ) .	uh mamma is a song that was released february 24 , 2006 .	tail of hope is a song recorded by south korean singer boa , released on june 26 , 2013 .	26 cents , also written as `` 26 cents '' , is the debut song of the canadian country music group the wilkinsons .	drunk is a 1953 jimmy liggins song .	lady of the night is the debut studio album by american singer-songwriter donna summer , released on february 26 , 1974 .	the three bells , also known as `` jimmy brown '' or `` little jimmy brown '' , is a song made popular by the browns in 1959 .	i promise to remember is a song written by jimmy castor and jimmy smith and performed by frankie lymon and the teenagers featuring jimmy wright and his orchestra .	chain gang is a song by the american singer-songwriter sam cooke , released on july 26 , 1960 .	i 'm stickin ' with you is a song written by jimmy bowen and buddy knox and performed by jimmy bowen with the rhythm orchids .
bachata is a song by lou bega .	i got a girl is a song by german artist lou bega .	you wan na be americano is a song by lou bega .	tricky , tricky is a song released by lou bega in 1999 from his debut album a little bit of mambo .	'' à ma place '' is a 2001 pop song recorded as a duet by french singers zazie and axel bauer .	mother is a song by belgian singer axel hirsoux .	las cosas pequeñas ( english : `` the little things '' ) is a latin pop and bachata song by american recording artist prince royce .	desde que no estás ( english : since that you are not ) is a latin pop song by colombian recording artist fonseca .	ay amor ( english : oh my love ) is a latin pop song by colombian recording artist fonseca .	algo de ti ( english : something about you ) is a song performed by latin pop singer paulina rubio .	feliz ( english : happy ) is a latin pop song written and performed by kany garcía .	eres mi sueño ( english : you are my dream ) is a latin pop song by colombian recording artist fonseca .	duele menos ( english : hurts less ) is a latin pop song written and performed by kany garcía .	esta vida tuya y mía ( english : this life yours and mine ) is a latin pop song written and performed by kany garcía .	para volver a amar ( english : in order to love again ) is a latin pop song written and performed by kany garcía .	don juan is a latin pop song by colombian recording artist fanny lu .	estar lejos ( english : be far ) is a latin pop song by colombian recording artist fonseca and the american musician willie colón .	alguien ( english : someone ) is a latin pop song written and performed by kany garcía .	día de suerte ( `` lucky day '' ) is a latin pop song by mexican recording artist alejandra guzmán .	estigma de amor is latin pop song written and performed by kany garcía and fifth single of her debut album cualquier día .
silver star is the lead song on the four seasons album who loves you .	a letter to the beatles is a novelty song by the four preps .	four out of five is a song by english indie rock band arctic monkeys .	latin lingo is a song by american hip hop group cypress hill .	hey dj is a song by latin boy band cnco .	new mexican rose is a song by the american rock band the four seasons .	juliet is a pop song made famous by the band the four pennies .	one 2.3 four is a song by french dj and record producer martin solveig .	love me forever is a popular song by the four esquires .	big man is a song released by the four preps in 1958 .	spend the night in love is a 1980 song by the four seasons .	don juan is a latin pop song by colombian recording artist fanny lu .	sherry is a song written by bob gaudio and recorded by the four seasons .	feliz ( english : happy ) is a latin pop song written and performed by kany garcía .	on my way is a song performed by slovenian singer and songwriter omar naber .	it 's four in the morning ( also known as `` four in the morning '' ) is a song made famous by country music singer faron young .	alguien ( english : someone ) is a latin pop song written and performed by kany garcía .	ojalá pudiera borrarte is a song recorded and performed by mexican latin rock group maná .	loco in acapulco was a 1988 hit song by the four tops .	catfish is a 1976 soul song by the four tops .
kung fu is a song by the band ash , released as the first single from their album , 1977 .	jack names the planets is a song by ash .	angel interceptor is a song by ash , released as the third single from their album 1977 on 9 october 1995 .	petrol is a song by ash , released as the second single from their 1994 album trailer , and their first single on infectious .	shining light is a song by ash , which was released as the first single from their album free all angels .	uncle pat is a song by ash , released as the third single from their album trailer , released on 17 october 1994 .	candy is a song by ash , released as the fourth single from their album free all angels on october 1 , 2001 .	livin ' in the light is a song from british singer caron wheeler 's debut solo album uk blak ( 1990 ) .	beautiful one is a song written by tim hughes .	under age 's song is the second maxi single by japanese group dragon ash , released in 1998 .	my heart belongs to me is a popular song from 1977 ( see 1977 in music ) .	sing a song for you : tribute to tim buckley is a double cd studio album performed by various artists in tribute to 1960s musician tim buckley .	she dreams is a song co-written by tim mensy and gary harrison .	if i were a carpenter is a song written by tim hardin .	if i were a carpenter is a song written by tim hardin .	aces is a song written by cheryl wheeler , and recorded by american country music artist suzy bogguss .	sam is a song from 1977 ( see 1977 in music ) performed by australian singer olivia newton-john .	let 's invite them over is a song written by onie wheeler , which was recorded as a duet by american country artists george jones and melba montgomery .	coward of the county is a country song written by roger bowling and billy ed wheeler , and recorded by american country music singer kenny rogers .	the sheik of araby is a song that was written in 1921 by harry b. smith and francis wheeler , with music by ted snyder .
this house is a 1990 1 song by american singer -- songwriter tracie spencer .	love me 1 is a 1992 song by american singer -- songwriter tracie spencer .	tender kisses 1 is a song by american singer -- songwriter tracie spencer .	save your love is a 1990 song by american singer -- songwriter tracie spencer .	this time make it funky is a 1991 2 song by american singer -- songwriter tracie spencer .	days of pearly spencer ( or in later releases `` the days of pearly spencer '' ) is a 1967 song written and originally performed by northern irish singer-songwriter david mcwilliams , 1 2 and included on his second album david mcwilliams .	i 'm a man is a song written by the spencer davis group singer-songwriter steve winwood and record producer jimmy miller .	captain jack is a song by the german eurodance group captain jack .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	tishomingo blues is a song by spencer williams .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	champion sound is a song by english big beat musician fatboy slim from his compilation album the greatest hits - why try harder .	my friend jack is a psychedelic pop song released by the english pop group the smoke in 1967 .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .	cherry , cherry is a song written , composed , and recorded in february - march 1966 by american musician neil diamond .	jack names the planets is a song by ash .	breakdown is a song written by jack johnson , dan nakamura paul huston and sung by jack johnson .	sam 's song ( the happy tune ) is an american pop song written in 1950 with music by lew quadling and lyrics by jack elliott .	jack elliott sings the songs of woody guthrie is an album by american folk musician ramblin ' jack elliott , released in 1960 .
radioactive is a song recorded by british singer rita ora , released as the fourth overall single from her debut studio album , ora ( 2012 ) .	your song is a song by british singer rita ora .	anywhere is a song by british singer rita ora .	new york raining is a song from american rapper charles hamilton featuring vocals from british singer rita ora .	poison is a song by british singer rita ora .	grateful is a song performed by british singer rita ora , taken from the beyond the lights soundtrack .	coming home is a song by british drum and bass duo sigma and british singer rita ora .	r.i.p. is a song recorded by british singer rita ora from her studio album , ora , featuring british rapper tinie tempah .	i will never let you down is a song by british singer rita ora , released on 31 march 2014 , through roc nation and columbia records .	better than you is a song by british pop singer conor maynard featuring vocals from rita ora , from his debut studio album contrast .	andy is a song by the french duo rita mitsouko .	let you love me is a song by british singer rita ora , released on 21 september 2018 as the fourth single from her second studio album , phoenix ( 2018 ) .	for you is a song recorded by english singers liam payne and rita ora , for the soundtrack to the film fifty shades freed ( 2018 ) .	fortissimo is a 1966 song brought to success by rita pavone .	rhythm of love is a song by american rock band plain white t 's .	sticks n stones is the fourth official single by singer-songwriter jamie t .	ne t ` enfuis pas is a song written and recorded by kate bush .	drug dealers anonymous is a song by american rapper pusha t .	je t ` aime , je t ` aime , je t ` aime is a song by french singer johnny hallyday from his 1974 studio album je t ` aime , je t ` aime , je t ` aime .	que je t ` aime is a song by french singer johnny hallyday .
soft-hearted hana is a song by english rock musician george harrison from his 1979 album george harrison .	soft touch is a song by english rock musician george harrison from his 1979 album george harrison .	māya love is a song by english musician george harrison , released on his 1974 album dark horse .	if you believe is a song by english musician george harrison from his 1979 album george harrison .	not guilty is a song by english rock musician george harrison from his 1979 album george harrison .	blow away is a song by english musician george harrison that was released in february 1979 on his album george harrison .	the inner light is a song by the english rock group the beatles , written by george harrison .	faster is a song by english rock musician george harrison from his self-titled 1979 studio album .	devil 's radio is a song written by george harrison that was first released on harrison 's 1987 album cloud nine .	bangla desh is a song by english musician george harrison .	ride rajbun is a song by english musician george harrison .	here comes the moon is a song by english musician george harrison from his 1979 album george harrison .	this song is the fourth track on george harrison 's 1976 album thirty three 1/3 .	cheer down is a song by english musician george harrison that was first released in 1989 .	life itself is a song by english musician george harrison from his 1981 album somewhere in england .	be here now is a song by english rock musician george harrison from his 1973 album living in the material world .	this is love is a song by english rock musician george harrison that was released on his 1987 album cloud nine .	teardrops is a song by english rock musician george harrison from his 1981 album somewhere in england .	circles is a song by english rock musician george harrison , released as the final track of his 1982 album gone troppo .	wake up my love is a song by english rock musician george harrison from his 1982 album gone troppo .
your song is a song by british singer rita ora .	anywhere is a song by british singer rita ora .	grateful is a song performed by british singer rita ora , taken from the beyond the lights soundtrack .	shine ya light is a song recorded by british recording artist rita ora , and released as the third single from her debut studio album ora .	new york raining is a song from american rapper charles hamilton featuring vocals from british singer rita ora .	poison is a song by british singer rita ora .	coming home is a song by british drum and bass duo sigma and british singer rita ora .	strip that down is the debut solo single by english singer and songwriter liam payne , featuring guest vocals from american rapper quavo .	r.i.p. is a song recorded by british singer rita ora from her studio album , ora , featuring british rapper tinie tempah .	let you love me is a song by british singer rita ora , released on 21 september 2018 as the fourth single from her second studio album , phoenix ( 2018 ) .	polaroid is a song by english dj and record producer jonas blue , english singer liam payne and canadian singer lennon stella .	better than you is a song by british pop singer conor maynard featuring vocals from rita ora , from his debut studio album contrast .	radioactive is a song recorded by british singer rita ora , released as the fourth overall single from her debut studio album , ora ( 2012 ) .	i will never let you down is a song by british singer rita ora , released on 31 march 2014 , through roc nation and columbia records .	fine print is a song by nadia ali .	love story is a song by nadia ali .	chinatown is a song by english singer-songwriter liam gallagher .	i love you because is a song written and recorded by leon payne in 1949 .	crash and burn is a song by nadia ali .	pressure is a song by nadia ali , starkillers and alex kenji .
do right is an r b song from mario 's third studio album go .	tell me i 'm not dreamin ' ( too good to be true ) is a song by jermaine jackson featuring his younger brother michael jackson , taken from jermaine jackson 's eponymous album .	lonely wo n't leave me alone is a song co-written by jermaine jackson , david foster , tom keane , and kathy wakefield .	one wish is a 1994 christmas song by american r b singer freddie jackson , from his album freddie jackson at christmas .	sometimes is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist clay davidson .	confessions part ii is a song by r b singer usher , produced by jermaine dupri and bryan-michael cox for usher 's fourth album confessions .	i ca n't lie to me is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist clay davidson .	jermaine jackson ( released internationally as dynamite ) is the tenth studio album by united states singer-songwriter jermaine jackson , released in 1984 .	love you down is the title of an r b song written by melvin riley jr .	pete davidson is a song from ariana grande 's fourth studio album , sweetener .	heaven is a song by the english rock band the psychedelic furs , written by the band 's lead singer richard butler and bass player tim butler .	stay here forever is a song written by jewel , dallas davidson , and bobby pinson and recorded by american recording artist jewel .	r b junkie is a song by american singer-songwriter janet jackson from her eighth studio album , damita jo ( 2004 ) .	for your precious love is a song written by arthur brooks , richard brooks and jerry butler , 1 and performed by jerry butler and the impressions in 1958 .	808 is an r b song released in 1999 by american r b girl group , blaque .	gone is a song by american indie pop band jr jr from their self-titled third album , jr jr in 2015 .	the ghost in you is a song by the english rock band the psychedelic furs , written by the band 's lead singer richard butler and bass player tim butler .	heartbreak beat is a popular song written by richard butler , john ashton , and tim butler of the psychedelic furs .	baby , be mine is an r b song by the american r b singer miki howard .	play it again is a song written by dallas davidson and ashley gorley and recorded by american country music artist luke bryan .
bad reputation is a song by the american hard rock band adelitas way , released on december 18 , 2015 .	the gift is a song by post grunge and alternative metal band seether .	bitch 's brew is a song from hard rock band aerosmith 's seventh studio album , rock in a hard place .	heaven 's trail ( no way out ) is a song by american hard rock band tesla .	party hard is a song by british alternative rock band pulp .	everlovin ' is a song written by dave burgess and performed by rick nelson .	scentless apprentice is a song by american grunge band nirvana , written by vocalist and guitarist kurt cobain , bassist krist novoselic , and drummer dave grohl .	it 's a long way to the top ( if you wan na rock 'n' roll ) is a song by australian hard rock band ac/dc .	walk this way is a song by the american hard rock band aerosmith .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	saving my heart is a song by british rock band yes , written and produced by yes guitarist trevor rabin .	long , long way to go is a 2003 song by british hard rock band def leppard from their x album .	the way is a song by the american alternative rock band fastball .	rock and roll , hoochie koo is a rock song written by rick derringer .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .	i finally found my way is a song by the american hard rock band kiss released on their 1998 album psycho circus .	spiders snakes is a 1974 hit song recorded by jim stafford and written by stafford and david bellamy .	hard luck woman is a song by american hard rock band kiss and the lead single from their 1976 album , rock and roll over .	amarillo by morning is a country music song written by terry stafford and paul fraser , and recorded by stafford in 1973 .	clean , clean is a song composed by trevor horn , geoff downes and bruce woolley .
american boy is a song written and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt .	show her is a song written by mike reid , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie milsap .	hearts on fire is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt .	b-b-b-burnin ' up with love is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt .	inside is a song written by mike reid , and recorded by american country music singer ronnie milsap .	you ca n't run from love is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt .	i wan na dance with you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt .	a world without love is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt .	drivin ' my life away is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt .	i just want to love you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt .	got ta have you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt .	still losing you is a song written by mike reid , and recorded by american country music singer ronnie milsap .	i ca n't help myself is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt .	just in case is a song written by hugh moffatt , and recorded by american country music artist ronnie milsap .	she 's comin ' to say goodbye is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt .	we must be doin ' somethin' right is a song co-written and recorded by american country artist eddie rabbitt .	someone could lose a heart tonight is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt .	warning sign is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt .	pour me another tequila is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt .	gone too far is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist eddie rabbitt .
youtopia is a song by dutch dj and record producer armin van buuren .	blah blah blah is a song performed by dutch dj and record producer armin van buuren .	this is what it feels like is a song by dutch dj and record producer armin van buuren .	mama ( stylized in all caps 1 ) is a song by american hip hop artist 6ix9ine from his debut studio album , dummy boy ( 2018 ) .	goodbye is a song recorded by romanian group the humans , released on 12 january 2018 by roton .	millionaire is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter chris stapleton for his third studio album from a room : volume 2 ( 2018 ) .	burned with desire is a song written by armin van buuren in 2002 , featuring justine suissa 's vocals .	kanga ( stylized in all caps 1 ) is a song by american hip hop artist 6ix9ine from his debut studio album , dummy boy ( 2018 ) .	sword of damocles is a song by rufus wainwright , released in october 2018 .	give me my name back is a song recorded by australian singer meg mac and released on 12 october 2018 .	woman like me is a song by british girl group little mix featuring american rapper nicki minaj , released on 12 october 2018 by syco music .	waste it on me is a song by american musician and dj steve aoki featuring south korean boy band bts , released on october 25 , 2018 .	we 're going home is a song by australian singer-songwriter vance joy and released on 12 january 2018 as the third single from joy 's second studio album nation of two .	arrest the president is a political song by american rapper ice cube , 1 2 released by interscope records on november 9 , 2018 .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	cul de sac is a song written by irish singer-songwriter van morrison .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	blow that smoke is a song by american electronic music group major lazer featuring swedish singer tove lo , released on october 17 , 2018 .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	the ballad of curtis loew 1 2 3 is a song written by allen collins and ronnie van zant and recorded by lynyrd skynyrd .
faster than the speed of night is a song by welsh singer bonnie tyler and is the third track from her fourth studio album of the same name ( 1983 ) .	heaven is a song performed by welsh singer bonnie tyler .	louise is a song recorded by welsh singer bonnie tyler for her fifteenth studio album , wings ( 2005 ) .	fools lullaby is a song recorded by welsh singer bonnie tyler for her ninth studio album angel heart ( 1992 ) .	hide your heart is a song by welsh singer bonnie tyler , released on her 1988 album hide your heart .	paradise by the dashboard light is a song written by jim steinman .	read 'em and weep is a rock music song composed by jim steinman .	bitterblue is a song recorded by welsh singer bonnie tyler for her eighth studio album of the same name ( 1991 ) .	lost in france is a song recorded by welsh singer bonnie tyler .	where were you is a song recorded by welsh singer bonnie tyler for her eighth studio album bitterblue ( 1991 ) .	against the wind is a song by welsh singer bonnie tyler from her 1991 eighth studio album bitterblue .	more than a lover is a song recorded by welsh singer bonnie tyler from her debut studio album the world starts tonight ( 1977 ) .	rock and roll dreams come through is a song composed and written by jim steinman .	is nothing sacred is a song written by jim steinman and don black .	lovers again is a song recorded by bonnie tyler for her 1986 rock album secret dreams and forbidden fire .	save up all your tears is a song written by desmond child and diane warren , and originally released by welsh singer bonnie tyler .	you 're the one is a song recorded by welsh singer bonnie tyler for her eleventh studio album , free spirit ( 1995 ) .	deeper than the night is a 1979 song by olivia newton-john .	left in the dark is a song by jim steinman from his only solo album bad for good .	heat of the night is a song written by canadian rock musician bryan adams and jim vallance and performed by adams .
miracle of love is a song written by bob merrill and performed by eileen rodgers .	a sweet old fashioned girl is a song written by bob merrill and performed by teresa brewer .	my truly , truly fair is a popular song written by bob merrill .	cherish is a pop song written by terry kirkman and recorded by the association .	chicka boom is a popular song written by bob merrill .	sparrow in the treetop is a popular song written by bob merrill .	bob dylan 's blues is a song written by bob dylan and released in 1963 on the album the freewheelin ' bob dylan .	people is a song composed by jule styne with lyrics by bob merrill for the 1964 broadway musical funny girl starring barbra streisand , who introduced the song .	walkin ' to missouri is a popular song written by bob merrill in 1952 .	honeycomb is a popular song written by bob merrill in 1954 .	falling in love with only you is an pop song written and produced by terry britten and recorded by australian pop singer christie allen .	he 's my number one is an pop song written by terry britten and b. a. robertson and recorded by australian pop singer christie allen .	ronnie is a song by bob gaudio and bob crewe .	everything that touches you is a song written by terry kirkman and originally released in 1968 by the american sunshine pop band the association .	goosebumps is an pop song written by terry britten and b. a. robertson and recorded by australian pop singer christie allen .	goin ' home is a song written by alan osmond , merrill osmond , and wayne osmond and performed by the osmonds .	let me in is a song written by alan osmond , merrill osmond , and wayne osmond and performed by the osmonds .	where are we going is a song by remy shand , released on 17 may 2013 on remy records .	it 's over love is 1997 song by todd terry feat .	i love rock 'n' roll is a rock song written in 1975 by alan merrill of the arrows , who recorded the first released version .
the chauffeur is the ninth and final song on duran duran 's 1982 album rio .	new religion is a duran duran song and the sixth track on their second album rio .	come undone is a song by british band duran duran .	'' ( reach up for the ) sunrise '' is a song recorded by english pop rock band duran duran .	all she wants is is a song by duran duran .	i ran ( so far away ) , 1 also released as `` i ran '' , is a song by english new wave band a flock of seagulls .	what happens tomorrow is a song by british pop rock band duran duran and is featured on their 2004 album , astronaut .	wave is a song written , 1 2 produced 2 and performed by beck , issued as the first promotional single from his twelfth studio album morning phase .	s.o.s. is a song by english new wave and synth-pop band abc .	home town is a song by the british new wave musician joe jackson .	a new machine , parts 1 and 2 are songs from pink floyd 's 1987 album , a momentary lapse of reason .	belinda is a 1981 song by the british new wave duo eurythmics .	dreaming is a song by the american new wave band blondie .	vienna is a song by british new wave band ultravox .	sunday papers is a song by the british new wave musician joe jackson .	no exit is a song by the american new wave band blondie .	big on love is a song by australian new wave rock band models .	beautiful life 1 2 is a lydia canaan song .	girls talk is a new wave song written by elvis costello .	suddenly last summer is a hit song by new wave band the motels .
please is a song by american recording artist toni braxton .	i heart you is a song by american recording artist toni braxton .	snowflakes of love is a song recorded by american r b singer toni braxton .	trippin ' ( that 's the way love works ) is a song by american recording artist toni braxton .	hands tied is a song by american recording artist toni braxton .	seven whole days is a song performed by american singer toni braxton .	christmas in jamaica is a song recorded by american r b singer toni braxton .	make my heart is a song by american singer toni braxton .	yesterday is a song by american r b singer -- songwriter toni braxton .	long as i live is a song by american recording artist toni braxton released on february 9 , 2018 .	spanish guitar is a song by american singer toni braxton from her third studio album , the heat ( 2000 ) .	hurt you is a song by american recording artists toni braxton and babyface released on august 17 , 2013 .	maybe is a song by american singer toni braxton from her third studio album , the heat ( 2000 ) .	another sad love song is the first official single from toni braxton 's self-titled debut album , toni braxton ( 1993 ) .	deadwood is a song by american recording artist toni braxton released on september 14 , 2017 .	i love me some him is a song by american r b singer toni braxton from her second studio album , secrets ( 1996 ) .	give u my heart is a song recorded by american r b singers babyface and toni braxton for the soundtrack to the 1992 film boomerang .	let it flow is a song by american r b singer toni braxton .	breathe again is a song by american r b singer toni braxton from her self-titled debut album ( 1993 ) .	i do n't want to is a song recorded by american r b singer toni braxton for her second studio album , secrets ( 1996 ) .
take you out is a song by american recording artist luther vandross .	do n't want to be a fool is a song by american recording artist luther vandross .	wait for love is a 1985 song by american recording artist luther vandross released in 1985 .	every year , every christmas is a 1995 christmas song by american recording artist luther vandross .	treat you right is a song by american recording artist luther vandross .	your secret love is a 1996 song by american recording artist luther vandross .	never too much is a song written , composed , produced , and performed by luther vandross .	dance with my father is the title track to singer and songwriter luther vandross ' thirteenth studio album .	heaven knows is a song by american r b recording artist luther vandross .	i know is a 1998 song by american recording r b artist luther vandross .	stop to love is a song by american recording r b artist luther vandross .	i can make it better is a song by american recording artist luther vandross .	think about you is a song by american singer luther vandross .	i 'll let you slide is a song by american recording artist luther vandross .	any love is song by american recording artist luther vandross released as the first single from his six studio album of the same name ( 1988 ) and earned vandross his fourth no .	she wo n't talk to me is a song by american recording artist luther vandross released in 1988 .	i really did n't mean it is a 1986 song by american recording r b artist luther vandross .	fascination is a song written by english singer and songwriter david bowie and american musician luther vandross for bowie 's young americans album in 1975 .	the rush is a song by american recording r b artist luther vandross ' , released as the third single from his 1991 album power of love .	i wish is the second single r b single by american singer-songwriter carl thomas , from his debut album emotional .
dj got us fallin ' in love is a song by american r b recording artist usher .	climax is a song by american r b singer usher .	love in this club part ii is a song recorded by american r b singer usher , and features fellow rapper lil wayne and singer beyoncé .	love in this club is a song by american r b singer usher .	confessions part ii is a song by r b singer usher , produced by jermaine dupri and bryan-michael cox for usher 's fourth album confessions .	same girl is a song released by r b singer r. kelly , from his 2007 album double up , with r b singer , usher .	why r u is a song performed by american r b singer amerie .	honey love a song by american r b singer r. kelly and american r b group public announcement .	the grammy award for best r b song ( sometimes known as the r b songwriter 's award ) has been awarded since 1969 .	i wan na be the only one is a song by british r b girl group eternal and american r b and gospel singer bebe winans .	holler is a song by r b singer ginuwine .	808 is an r b song released in 1999 by american r b girl group , blaque .	stingy is a song by r b singer ginuwine .	u already know is a r b song recorded by american r b band 112 for their fifth studio album pleasure pain ( 2005 ) .	i do is an r b song released in 1999 by the american r b vocal trio , blaque .	just right for me is a r b song by american r b recording artist monica , featuring guest vocals from rapper lil wayne .	i 'm good is an r b song released in 2004 by american r b vocal trio , blaque .	come home to me is an r b song by american r b singer miki howard .	baby , be mine is an r b song by the american r b singer miki howard .	bad habits is an r b song by american r b singer maxwell .
halo is a song recorded by scottish alternative rock band texas released on 7 april 1997 and the second single to be released from their uk # 1 fourth album white on blonde .	deep in the heart of texas is an american popular song about texas .	ca n't keep johnny down is a song by american alternative rock band they might be giants .	eye is a song by american alternative rock band the smashing pumpkins , released in 1997 on the soundtrack to the david lynch film lost highway .	' `` merry christmas from the family '' is a holiday song written by alternative country artist robert earl keen .	johnny and mary is a song written and originally performed by robert palmer .	midnight rocks is a song written by al stewart and peter white and was performed by stewart .	love junk is a song by australian rock musician , johnny diesel .	god blessed texas is a song recorded by american country music group little texas .	you wear it well is a song written by rod stewart and martin quittenton , performed by stewart .	save the last chance is a song written by walt aldridge and robert byrne , 1 and recorded by american country music artist johnny lee .	ramblin ' on my mind is a blues song recorded on november 23 , 1936 in san antonio , texas by blues musician robert johnson .	roads to moscow is 1973 song by scottish rock singer al stewart .	mona lisa lost her smile is a song written by johnny cunningham and recorded by david allan coe .	johnny , johnny is a 1985 song recorded by the french singer jeanne mas .	old habits die hard is a song from the 2004 movie alfie , with music by david stewart and lyrics by mick jagger , and performed by jagger .	cindy , oh cindy is a song , written by robert nemiroff and burt d'lugoff 1 2 and credited to their pseudonyms , robert barron and burt long .	a texas state of mind is a song written by cliff crofford , john durrill and snuff garrett and recorded by american country music artists david frizzell and shelly west .	rock awhile is a song by american singer-songwriter goree carter , recorded in april 1949 for the freedom recording company in houston , texas .	roll with it is a song written by david lee , tony lane , and johnny park and recorded by american country music artist easton corbin .
swan song is a song by english singer dua lipa .	quickie is a song by american recording artist miguel .	sure thing is a song by american recording artist miguel .	scared to be lonely is a song recorded by dutch dj martin garrix and english singer dua lipa .	remind me to forget is a song recorded by norwegian record producer kygo , featuring guest vocals from american singer miguel .	primetime is a song by american psychedelic soul and r b singer janelle monáe featuring miguel .	one kiss is a song by scottish record producer calvin harris and english singer dua lipa .	live your life be free is a song written by rick nowels and ellen shipley , produced by nowels for belinda carlisle 's fourth album live your life be free .	you 're so pretty - we 're so pretty is a song by british band the charlatans ( known in the united states as the charlatans uk ) .	the night is still young is a single by rock singer billy joel released as a new song from his greatest hits album greatest hits - volume i and ii .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	leave a light on is a pop song written by rick nowels and ellen shipley , produced by nowels for belinda carlisle 's third solo album runaway horses ( 1989 ) .	diary is a song written and produced by david gates , which was released by his band bread in 1972 , as a single and on the album baby i 'm - a want you .	light the universe is a song and a single made by the german power metal band helloween from their album keeper of the seven keys - the legacy .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	in too deep is a pop song written by rick nowels and produced by andrew farriss for jenny morris 's fourth studio album salvation jane ( 1995 ) .	champion sound is a song by english big beat musician fatboy slim from his compilation album the greatest hits - why try harder .	cherry , cherry is a song written , composed , and recorded in february - march 1966 by american musician neil diamond .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .
cracking up is a song by the scottish alternative rock group the jesus and mary chain and the first ( new ) single from the group 's album munki .	head on is a song written by jim reid and william reid of the scottish alternative rock band the jesus and mary chain .	i hate rock 'n' roll is a song by the scottish alternative rock group the jesus and mary chain .	reverence is a song by the scottish alternative rock group the jesus and mary chain and the first single from the group 's album honey 's dead .	sometimes always is a song by the scottish alternative rock group the jesus and mary chain and the first single from the group 's album stoned dethroned .	come on is a song by the scottish alternative rock group the jesus and mary chain and the second single from the group 's album stoned dethroned .	april skies is a song by the scottish alternative rock group the jesus and mary chain and the first single from the group 's album darklands .	you trip me up is a song by the scottish alternative rock band the jesus and mary chain from their 1985 debut album psychocandy .	almost gold is a song by the scottish alternative rock group the jesus and mary chain and the third single from the group 's album honey 's dead .	sidewalking is a song by scottish alternative rock band the jesus and mary chain .	just like honey is a song by the scottish alternative rock band the jesus and mary chain from their 1985 debut album psychocandy .	happy when it rains is a song by the scottish alternative rock group the jesus and mary chain and the second single from the group 's album darklands .	darklands is a song by the scottish rock band the jesus mary chain and the third single from their album of the same name , darklands .	far gone and out is a song by the scottish alternative rock group the jesus and mary chain , released as the second single from their album honey 's dead .	jesus ' son is a song by the english alternative rock band placebo .	international bright young thing is a song by the british alternative dance band jesus jones .	right here , right now is a song by british alternative dance band jesus jones from the album , doubt .	ball and chain ( also `` ball 'n' chain '' or `` ball chain '' ) is a blues song written and recorded by american blues artist big mama thornton .	guilty is a song written by don reid and harold reid , and recorded by american country music group the statler brothers .	sweeter and sweeter is a song written by don reid and harold reid , and recorded by american country music group the statler brothers .
that same old obsession is a song by gordon lightfoot , released on the 1972 old dan 's records album .	beautiful is a song by canadian singer-songwriter gordon lightfoot .	i 'm not sayin ' is a song written by gordon lightfoot .	sundown is a song by canadian folk artist gordon lightfoot , from the eponymous album , released as a single in march 1974 .	if you could read my mind is a song by canadian singer-songwriter gordon lightfoot .	song for a winter 's night is a song written by gordon lightfoot , and first recorded for his album the way i feel ( 1967 ) .	bitter green is a song by gordon lightfoot , 1 first released in 1968 on his album back here on earth .	ribbon of darkness is a song written by gordon lightfoot that was released in 1965 as a single by marty robbins .	the last time i saw her is a song written by gordon lightfoot and recorded by american country music artist glen campbell .	rainy day people is a song written and recorded by gordon lightfoot , released on his 1975 album , cold on the shoulder , and also as a single .	what a good boy is a song from the barenaked ladies ' 1992 debut album , gordon .	carefree highway is a song written by gordon lightfoot and was the second single release from his 1974 album , sundown .	the way i feel is the second studio album by canadian singer-songwriter gordon lightfoot , originally released in 1967 on the united artists label .	til death is a song by american singer-songwriter wynter gordon .	unforgettable is a popular song written by irving gordon and produced by lee gillette .	buy my love is a song by american singer-songwriter wynter gordon .	how wonderful you are is a 2001 song by gordon haskell .	delaware is a popular song , written by irving gordon .	with the music i die is the debut album and second extended play by american singer-songwriter wynter gordon , who subsequently adopted the stage name diana gordon .	chattanooga choo choo is a 1941 song written by mack gordon and composed by harry warren .
the jukebox played along is a song recorded by american country music artist gene watson .	outta style is a song written and recorded by american country music artist aaron watson .	fourteen carat mind is a song written by dallas frazier and larry lee , and recorded by american country music artist gene watson .	got no reason now for goin ' home is a song written by johnny russell , and recorded by american country music artist gene watson .	what she do n't know wo n't hurt her is a song written by david lindsey and ernie rowell , and recorded by american country music artist gene watson .	everybody needs a hero is a song recorded by american country music artist gene watson .	there ai n't no good chain gang is a song written by hal bynum and dave kirby , and recorded by american country music artists johnny cash and waylon jennings .	you 're out doing what i 'm here doing without is a song written by allen frizzell and bo roberts , and recorded by american country music artist gene watson .	this dream 's on me is a song written by fred koller , and recorded by american country music artist gene watson .	do n't waste it on the blues is a song written by jerry vandiver and sandy ramos , and recorded by american country music artist gene watson .	back in the fire is a song written by mike reid and rory michael bourke , and recorded by american country music artist gene watson .	better man is a song co-written and recorded by american country music duo the warren brothers .	love in the hot afternoon is a song written by vince matthews and kent westbury , and recorded by american country music artist gene watson .	one step back is a song recorded by canadian country music artist jamie warren .	speak softly ( you 're talking to my heart ) is a song written by jesse mendenhall and steve spurgin , and recorded by american country music artist gene watson .	is anybody goin ' to san antone is a song written by glenn martin and dave kirby , and recorded by american country music artist charley pride .	lucky star is a 1961 song by dave burgess , first recorded as a b-side by ricky nelson but better known in the a-side version by gene vincent .	quittin ' time is a song written by robb royer and roger linn , and recorded by american country music artist mary chapin carpenter .	the way love goes is a song recorded by canadian country music artist jamie warren .	no more one more time is a song written by troy seals and dave kirby , and recorded by the american country music artist jo-el sonnier .
dangerous is a pop song by american recording artist michael jackson .	tabloid junkie is a song performed by american recording artist michael jackson .	price of fame is a song by american recording artist michael jackson .	working day and night is a song by american recording artist michael jackson .	chicago is a song by american recording artist michael jackson .	another part of me is a song by american recording artist michael jackson .	bad is a song by american recording artist michael jackson .	jam is a single by american singer-songwriter michael jackson .	rock with you is a song recorded by american singer michael jackson .	who is it is a song by american recording artist michael jackson .	dirty diana is a song by american artist michael jackson .	is it scary is a song by american recording artist michael jackson .	blue gangsta is a song by american recording artist michael jackson .	butterflies is a song by michael jackson .	billie jean is a song by american singer michael jackson .	breaking news is a song credited to american recording artist michael jackson .	just a little bit of you is a song from the 1975 michael jackson album titled forever , michael .	ghosts is a 1997 song by michael jackson .	one more chance is a song by american recording artist michael jackson .	ca n't let her get away is a song by michael jackson produced by michael jackson and teddy riley .
what a fool believes is a song written by michael mcdonald and kenny loggins .	lean on me is a song by american gospel artist kirk franklin .	this is it is a song by american musician kenny loggins .	heart to heart is a song by american musician kenny loggins , michael mcdonald , and composer david foster .	looking for you is a gospel song by kirk franklin from his 2005 album hero .	freeway of love is a song by american singer aretha franklin .	vox humana is a kenny loggins song from his 1985 album , vox humana .	forever is a kenny loggins song from his 1985 album , vox humana .	call me is a song written and recorded by american soul singer aretha franklin .	who 's zoomin ' who is a song performed by american singer aretha franklin .	baby i love you is a popular song by r b singer aretha franklin .	spirit in the dark is a song written and performed by aretha franklin .	our love is on the faultline is a song written by reece kirk , and recorded by american country music artist crystal gayle .	one step ahead is a song by american soul singer aretha franklin .	ai n't no way is a song written by singer-songwriter carolyn franklin and sung by her elder sister aretha franklin as the b-side to her 1968 hit , '' ( sweet sweet baby ) since you 've been gone '' .	think is a song written and performed by american singer aretha franklin .	the anniversary waltz is a popular song written by dave franklin , the lyrics by al dubin .	craise finton kirk royal academy of arts is a song by the bee gees on the album bee gees ' 1st .	jump to it is a 1982 song by american recording artist aretha franklin .	gim me your love is a song written by narada michael walden and jeffrey cohen and recorded as a duet between aretha franklin and james brown in 1989 .
ai n't talkin ' ` bout love is a song by american rock band van halen .	theme song from ` which way is up ' was a hit song by r b female vocal group stargard .	'' ` the half of it , dearie ' blues '' is a song composed by george gershwin , with lyrics by ira gershwin .	ai n't thinkin ' ` bout you is a song by rapper bow wow .	the downeaster ` alexa ' is a song originally written , produced , and performed by billy joel for his eleventh studio album storm front .	ai n't talkin ' ` bout dub is a song by english electronic music group apollo 440 .	what ` cha gon na do is a song by british r b girl group eternal .	nuthin ' but a ` g ' thang is a song by american rapper dr .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	kickin ' screamin ' is a song recorded by american r b singer marques houston .	do n't be messin ' ` round is a song by american recording artist michael jackson .	'' ` pride n joy ' '' is a song written by american rapper fat joe .	talkin ' ` bout you is a song written by ray charles .	'' ` movin ' on '' is a song written and recorded by english girl group bananarama .	'' ` let me down easy ' '' is a 1965 song recorded by american soul singer bettye lavette .	je t ` aime , je t ` aime , je t ` aime is a song by french singer johnny hallyday from his 1974 studio album je t ` aime , je t ` aime , je t ` aime .	'' ` face the face ' '' is a song by pete townshend .	the goonies ` r ' good enough is a 1985 song by american singer cyndi lauper .	lake by the ocean is a song recorded by american r b singer maxwell , for his fifth studio album , blacksummers ` night ( 2016 ) .	no more lies is a song by american r b artist michel ` le .
the woman you love is a song recorded by american recording artist ashanti and brooklyn native rapper busta rhymes .	brown skin is the second single released by american soul and r b singer-songwriter india.arie from her debut studio album acoustic soul on september 18 , 2001 .	the way that i love you is a song recorded by american singer ashanti from her fourth studio album , the declaration ( 2008 ) .	want it , need it is a song by american rapper plies and features r b singer ashanti .	good good is a song by american singer ashanti from her fourth studio album the declaration ( 2008 ) , which was released as the album 's second single .	only u is a song by american singer-songwriter ashanti from her third studio album , concrete rose ( 2004 ) .	diamond girl is a song by american hip hop and r b ; record producer , singer-songwriter and recording artist ryan leslie .	hip hop hooray is a song by american hip hop group , naughty by nature .	back to life ( however do you want me ) is a song by british r b band soul ii soul .	the closer i get to you is a romantic ballad performed by african american jazz , soul , r b , and folk singer-songwriter roberta flack and african american soul musician donny hathaway .	see me now is a song by american hip hop artist kanye west featuring r b singers beyoncé and charlie wilson .	primetime is a song by american psychedelic soul and r b singer janelle monáe featuring miguel .	oopdeewopdee is a hip hop , r b , and soul song by casablanca records recording group nss16 .	treat them like they want to be treated is a song by american hip hop artist father mc and features r b group jodeci .	lovely day is a song by american soul and r b singer bill withers .	nobody else is an r b -- hip hop soul song written and recorded by american singer-songwriter anthony hamilton for his debut album , xtc ( 1996 ) .	i 'll do 4 u is a song by american hip hop artist father mc , and features r b artist mary j. blige .	lost my way is a hip hop song performed by english singer-songwriter plan b .	b boy is a song by american hip hop recording artist meek mill .	invincible is a song by english soul and r b singer lemar from his fifth studio album , invincible ( 2012 ) .
shame is a song by american industrial rock band stabbing westward .	sometimes it hurts is a song by american industrial rock band stabbing westward .	save yourself is a song by american industrial rock band stabbing westward .	sailing is a 1980 soft rock song written and recorded by american artist christopher cross .	true love waits : christopher o'riley plays radiohead is the first tribute album by classical pianist christopher o'riley of songs by the alternative rock band radiohead .	uncle walter is a song from ben folds five 's 1995 self-titled debut album .	ride like the wind is a song written and recorded by american singer-songwriter christopher cross .	all right is a song written and recorded by american singer-songwriter christopher cross .	think of laura is a popular song by the american grammy award-winning singer-songwriter christopher cross .	my only wish is a holiday song written by jessica simpson , aaron pearce and christopher stewart , recorded by american singer-songwriter jessica simpson .	black velvet is a song written by canadian songwriters christopher ward and david tyson , recorded by canadian singer songwriter alannah myles .	say it is n't so is a song performed by american duo daryl hall john oates , and written by daryl hall .	still the one is a song written by johanna hall and john hall , and recorded by the soft rock group orleans on their album waking and dreaming , released in 1976 , which made it to no .	promise me , love is a song written by kay thompson and performed by andy williams .	fall again is a song written by walter afanasieff and robin thicke .	never be the same is the title of the third single by singer-songwriter christopher cross , released from his debut grammy award-winning album christopher cross .	the boy i love is up in the gallery is a music hall song written in 1885 by george ware for music hall star nelly power , and made famous by marie lloyd .	i ca n't wait is a contemporary rock song written by brooke mcclymont , christopher ward and matthew gerrard .	jim jackson 's kansas city blues is a 1927 song , written and recorded by the american blues musician jim jackson .	sugar , sugar is a song written by jeff barry and andy kim .
love injected is a song by latvian singer-songwriter aminata .	la la la is a song performed by american electro recording duo lmfao .	still in love with you is a song by british vocal duo electro velvet .	atlantis to interzone is a song by british indie electro act klaxons .	internet friends is a song by australian electro house duo knife party .	you 're so pretty - we 're so pretty is a song by british band the charlatans ( known in the united states as the charlatans uk ) .	looking for the perfect beat is an electro and old school hip hop song by afrika bambaataa the soulsonic force .	light the universe is a song and a single made by the german power metal band helloween from their album keeper of the seven keys - the legacy .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	why r u is a song performed by american r b singer amerie .	the night is still young is a single by rock singer billy joel released as a new song from his greatest hits album greatest hits - volume i and ii .	tomorrow can wait is a electro house song performed by french dj david guetta , american singer chris willis and german dj tocadisco from guetta 's third studio album , pop life .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	clear is a 1983 electro song performed by the american group cybotron , and composed by cybotron members juan atkins and richard davis .	champion sound is a song by english big beat musician fatboy slim from his compilation album the greatest hits - why try harder .	cherry , cherry is a song written , composed , and recorded in february - march 1966 by american musician neil diamond .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .	let me love you is a song by belgian electro house artist dj rebel and swedish singer mohombi featuring shaggy .	bad habits is an r b song by american r b singer maxwell .
youngblood is a song by the swedish boy band youngblood .	trap niggas ( clean version as `` trap '' ) is a song recorded by american hip hop recording artist future .	youngblood is a song recorded by australian pop rock band 5 seconds of summer .	honest is a song by american hip hop recording artist future .	blow a bag is a song by american hip hop recording artist future from his third studio album , ds2 .	sorry is a song by american hip hop recording artist t.i.	i won is a song by american hip hop recording artist future .	my band is a song by american hip hop group d12 .	roses is a song by american hip hop duo outkast .	robbers is a song by american indie pop band youngblood hawke .	shifftee is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	girls is a song by british hip hop group n-dubz .	changes is a hip hop song by 2pac featuring talent .	hip hop hooray is a song by american hip hop group , naughty by nature .	set it off is song by american hip hop artist juvenile .	hop is back is a song by american hip hop recording artist hopsin .	u understand is song by american hip hop artist juvenile .	react is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	slam is a song by american hip hop group onyx .	me-o-mi-o is a song by american hip hop artist casual .
the last dj is the title of a song written by tom petty and recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	a woman in love ( it 's not me ) is a song recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	mary jane 's last dance is a song written by tom petty and recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	refugee is a song recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	rebels is a song by tom petty and the heartbreakers .	free girl now is a song by tom petty and the heartbreakers .	learning to fly is a song by tom petty and the heartbreakers .	i need to know is a song written by tom petty and recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	change of heart is a song recorded by american rock band tom petty and the heartbreakers .	do n't do me like that is a song written by tom petty and recorded by tom petty and the heartbreakers .	runnin ' down a dream is a song co-written and recorded by tom petty .	a face in the crowd is a song co-written and recorded by tom petty .	yer so bad is a song co-written and recorded by tom petty .	i wo n't back down is a song by american rock musician tom petty .	you wreck me is a song by tom petty from his album wildflowers .	you do n't know how it feels is a song and the lead single from tom petty 's 1994 album wildflowers .	you do n't know how it feels is a song and the lead single from tom petty 's 1994 album wildflowers .	square one is a song by american musician tom petty and is the second track on his 2006 album , highway companion .	saving grace is a song by american musician tom petty and is the lead track on his 2006 album , highway companion .	into the great wide open is the third song on the 1991 album into the great wide open by the group tom petty and the heartbreakers .
down is a song by the band 311 .	amber is a song from the band 311 .	flowing is a song by the group 311 .	five of everything is a song by the american rock band 311 .	hey you is a song written and recorded by american rock band 311 .	sunset in july is a song by american rock band 311 .	too much to think is a song by american rock band 311 .	it 's alright is a song written and recorded by american rock band 311 .	carousel is a song by american recording artist melanie martinez .	beautiful disaster is a song recorded by the band 311 and released in 1997 .	sippy cup is a song by american recording artist melanie martinez as the third single from her debut album , cry baby .	introducing me was a song recorded by nick jonas for the camp rock 2 : the final jam soundtrack .	gigolo is a song by american rapper nick cannon .	we no who u r is a song by the australian alternative rock band nick cave and the bad seeds .	nick jonas is the second eponymous solo studio album by american singer-songwriter nick jonas .	all of the dreamers is an alternative rock song recorded by australian alternative rock band powderfinger .	jubilee street is a song by the australian alternative rock band nick cave and the bad seeds .	just one kiss is a song by american singer-songwriter , nick carter .	'' à chaque jour suffit sa peine '' is a song by french rapper nessbeal , and produced by skread .	allting som vi sa ( english : everything we said ) is a song recorded by swedish singer ida redig .
share the land is a song written by burton cummings and performed by the guess who .	sour suite is a song written by burton cummings and performed by the guess who .	glamour boy is a song written by burton cummings and performed by the guess who .	hand me down world is a song written by kurt winter and performed by the guess who .	rain dance is a song written by burton cummings and kurt winter and performed by the guess who .	undun is a popular song by canadian rock band the guess who .	dancin ' fool is a song written by burton cummings and domenic troiano and performed by the guess who .	albert flasher is a song written by burton cummings and performed by the guess who .	clap for the wolfman is a song written by burton cummings , bill wallace , and kurt winter and performed by the guess who .	clock on the wall is a song written by randy bachman and performed by the guess who .	heartbroken bopper is a popular rock song written by burton cummings and kurt winter .	his girl is a song written by johnny cowell and performed by the guess who .	believe me is a song written by randy bachman and performed by the guess who .	laughing is a popular song by canadian rock band the guess who .	no time is a song by canadian rock band the guess who .	star baby is a 1974 hit song by the guess who .	follow your daughter home is a song written by burton cummings , donnie mcdougall , garry peterson , bill wallace , and kurt winter and performed by the guess who .	guns , guns , guns is a popular rock and roll song written by burton cummings .	these eyes is a song by the canadian rock band the guess who .	runnin ' back to saskatoon is a song written by burton cummings and kurt winter .
begin again is a song by britpop band space , released in 1998 .	fat is a song by `` weird al '' yankovic .	grace is a song by the britpop band supergrass .	football song is a song written , produced and performed by british recording artist matt fishel .	waking up is a song by the britpop group elastica .	insomniac is a song by the britpop band echobelly .	fat lip is a song by canadian rock band sum 41 .	lose it is a song by britpop band supergrass .	bear down , chicago bears is the fight song of the chicago bears of the national football league .	natalie 's rap 2.0 is a song written and recorded by american comedy hip hop group the lonely island and features natalie portman with beck bennett and alex moffat .	i go to rio is a popular song written by peter allen and adrienne anderson , and performed by allen .	a guy is a guy is a popular song written by oscar brand .	the toronto song is a comedy song by canadian comedy group three dead trolls in a baggie .	pressure is a song by nadia ali , starkillers and alex kenji .	destination calabria is a song by italian producer alex gaudino , with vocals by crystal waters .	le chant des sirènes is a song by fréro delavega from the album fréro delavega .	les cactus is the third single by french singer-songwriter jacques dutronc , released in 1967 .	rien dans les mains , rien dans les poches is a french popular song composed in 1948 by henri betti with the lyrics by andré hornez .	les play boys is the second single by french singer-songwriter jacques dutronc , released in 1966 .	les bras en croix is a song by french singer johnny hallyday , released in 1963 .
jalousi is a song performed by danish pop , dance and r b singer and songwriter medina .	giv slip is a song performed by danish pop , dance and r b singer and songwriter medina .	når intet er godt nok is a song performed by danish pop , dance and r b singer and songwriter medina .	pongan atención is a song by puerto rican recording artist ivy queen , from her debut studio album , en mi imperio ( 1997 ) .	my song is love unknown is a hymn by samuel crossman , written in 1664 .	come and get these memories is an r b song by motown girl group martha and the vandellas .	who booty is a song by american r b singer jonn hart , featuring vocals from rapper iamsu !	treat you like a queen is a song released in 1999 by american r b singer rahsaan patterson .	all aboard is a r b song by romeo santos , featuring lil wayne , from santos ' debut studio album formula , vol .	808 is an r b song released in 1999 by american r b girl group , blaque .	ivy is a song by american r b singer frank ocean , released as a part of his 2016 studio album blonde .	set the fire to the third bar is a song from snow patrol 's fourth album , eyes open , featuring martha wainwright on vocals .	ready or not is a song by german dance band r.i.o. , featuring vocals from pop , r b and hip-hop singer u-jean .	round up is a song by american rapper lady may , featuring american r b singer blu cantrell .	hell yeah is a song by r b singer ginuwine featuring rapper birdman .	just right for me is a r b song by american r b recording artist monica , featuring guest vocals from rapper lil wayne .	hold on , we 're going home is a song by canadian rapper drake , featuring the r b group majid jordan .	silent prayer is a r b song by shanice featuring johnny gill .	baby , be mine is an r b song by the american r b singer miki howard .	drag city is a 1963 song by jan and dean , written by jan berry , roger christian , and brian wilson .
always love is a song by japanese pop group , max .	roots is a song by american rock band imagine dragons .	coma is a song by australian singer-songwriter max sharam .	heart of stone is a song performed by german singer andreas kümmert .	drive by is a song by american roots rock band , train , from their sixth studio album , california 37 .	roots radicals is a song by the american punk rock band rancid .	cajun baby is a song by hank williams , jr .	lucky star is a song by swedish singers carola häggkvist andreas johnson .	start choppin is a song by dinosaur jr .	because you live is a song recorded by jesse mccartney written by chris braide , andreas carlsson and desmond child .	two divided by love is a 1971 hit song by the grass roots .	one love is a song by swedish singers carola häggkvist andreas johnson .	a little bit of love is a song written by andreas johnson and peter kvint , and performed by andreas johnson at melodifestivalen 2007 .	the general is a song by the roots rock band dispatch .	soy de san luis is a song written by santiago jiménez , jr .	let go of the stone is a song written by max d. barnes and max t. barnes , and recorded by american country music artist john anderson .	gone is a song by american indie pop band jr jr from their self-titled third album , jr jr in 2015 .	temptation eyes is a 1970 hit song by the grass roots .	way down deep is a song written by max d. barnes and max t. barnes , and recorded by american country music artist vern gosdin .	sooner or later is a 1971 hit song by the grass roots .
get your love right is a song by australian musician jon english .	hollywood seven is a song by australian singer jon english .	hot town is a song by australian musician jon english .	get loose is a song written , produced , and performed by american hip hop recording artist lil jon .	going down is a song recorded by australian singer-songwriter , jon stevens .	state of independence is a song written by jon anderson and vangelis .	heartache on the dance floor is a song recorded by american country music artist jon pardi .	beating my heart is a song by american singer and songwriter jon mclaughlin .	bang a drum is a country rock song written and originally performed by jon bon jovi .	jezebel is a song recorded by new zealand singer-songwriter , jon stevens .	missin ' you crazy is a song recorded by american country music artist jon pardi .	janie , do n't take your love to town is a song by american rock singer jon bon jovi .	dirt on my boots is a song recorded by american country music artist jon pardi .	lovers and friends is a song by lil jon the east side boyz .	whiskey lullaby is a song composed by bill anderson and jon randall .	all time low is a song by american singer jon bellion .	i 'll find my way home is a song written by jon anderson and vangelis for the jon and vangelis ' 1981 album the friends of mr cairo .	kommer tid , kommer vår is a song with music by jon van der bring and lyrics fredrik möller .	that 's nasty is a song by american rapper pitbull featuring lil jon and fat joe .	shake that monkey is a song by too short featuring lil jon the east side boyz , released in 2003 .
spectacular is the opening track to the album happiness in magazines by british singer-songwriter graham coxon .	you i is a song from graham coxon 's sixth studio album , love travels at illegal speeds .	oochy woochy is a song by graham coxon and was featured on his second solo album , the golden d .	everyday robots is a song by damon albarn , from his solo debut album , everyday robots .	everyday robots is a song by damon albarn , from his solo debut album , everyday robots .	bittersweet bundle of misery is a song by graham coxon and was released as the second single from his fifth solo album happiness in magazines in 2004 ( see 2004 in british music ) .	you and me is a song recorded by english singer-songwriter damon albarn for his solo studio album everyday robots .	freakin ' out and `` all over me '' are songs by graham coxon that appeared on his 2004 album happiness in magazines .	freakin ' out is a song by graham coxon and was released as the lead single from his fifth solo album happiness in magazines in 2004 ( see 2004 in british music ) .	escape song / `` mountain of regret '' is a double a-side single by graham coxon from his fourth solo album the kiss of morning in 2002 .	step into my world is a song by britpop band hurricane # 1 .	step into my world is a song by britpop band hurricane # 1 .	step into my world is a song by britpop band hurricane # 1 .	standing on my own again is a song by english singer-songwriter graham coxon and is the opening track on his 2006 studio album love travels at illegal speeds .	hell and high water '' is a song written by alex harvey and co-written and recorded by american country music artist t. graham brown .	begin again is a song by britpop band space , released in 1998 .	7 years is a song by danish soul-pop band lukas graham from their second studio album , lukas graham .	true original is a song by dave audé featuring andy bell released on january 1 , 2016 .	look right through is a song by american record producer storm queen , vocals by damon c. scott .	pressure is a song by nadia ali , starkillers and alex kenji .
boiler is a song by the american rap rock band limp bizkit .	home sweet home / bittersweet symphony , also known as `` bittersweet home '' is a song by american rap rock group limp bizkit .	take a look around is a song by the american rap rock band limp bizkit .	break stuff is a song by limp bizkit .	re-arranged is a song by american rap rock band limp bizkit from their second studio album , significant other .	eat you alive is a song by the band limp bizkit .	counterfeit is a song by the american rap rock band limp bizkit from their debut album three dollar bill , y' all ( 1997 ) .	down is a song by american nu metal band motograter .	shotgun is a song by american nu metal band limp bizkit from their fifth studio album , gold cobra ( 2011 ) .	back to the primitive is a nu metal song by soulfly , released in 2000 .	faget is a song by the american nu metal band korn .	way too far is a song written and recorded by american nu metal band korn .	rotting in vain is a song by american nu metal band korn .	evolution is a song by american nu metal band korn .	hater is a song written and recorded by american nu metal band korn .	wait and bleed is a song from american nu metal band slipknot 's self-titled album of 1999 .	everybody 's fool is a nu metal song by american rock band evanescence .	going under is a nu metal song by american rock band evanescence .	black is the soul is a song by american nu metal band korn .	wake up is a song by american rap metal band rage against the machine .
dominoes is a song by american singer robbie nevil from his self-titled debut album in 1986 .	radio is a song by british pop singer robbie williams .	no regrets is a song by english recording artist robbie williams .	angels is a song originally recorded by robbie williams .	strong is a song by english recording artist robbie williams .	feel is a song by british singer-songwriter robbie williams .	win some lose some is a song by english recording artist robbie williams .	lazy days is a song recorded by english singer-songwriter robbie williams .	sexed up is a song by british pop singer robbie williams , released as the fourth and last single from his album escapology in late 2003 .	across the great divide is a song written by robbie robertson .	robbie 's song for jesus is a song written by robbie macneill and performed by anne murray .	jalousi is a song performed by danish pop , dance and r b singer and songwriter medina .	u already know is a r b song recorded by american r b band 112 for their fifth studio album pleasure pain ( 2005 ) .	something beautiful is a song written by guy chambers and robbie williams .	jemima surrender is a song written by levon helm and robbie robertson .	komodo ( hard nights ) is a song by german dance band r.i.o. , featuring vocals from pop , r b and hip-hop singer u-jean .	turn this club around is a song by german dance band r.i.o. , featuring vocals from pop , r b and hip-hop singer u-jean .	ready or not is a song by german dance band r.i.o. , featuring vocals from pop , r b and hip-hop singer u-jean .	giv slip is a song performed by danish pop , dance and r b singer and songwriter medina .	når intet er godt nok is a song performed by danish pop , dance and r b singer and songwriter medina .
high is a song by feeder , released as the band 's fourth and final single from the album polythene .	pilgrim soul is a song by british rock band , feeder .	shatter is a song by the british rock band feeder .	tangerine is a song by british rock band feeder , released as the band 's second single , and the first that was taken from the polythene album .	renegades is a song by feeder , released as the group 's second single from their seventh album renegades in 2010 .	lost and found is a single from uk rock band feeder , and is one of three new songs featured on their compilation album , the singles .	insomnia is a song by feeder , released as the second single from their album yesterday went too soon .	stereo world is a song by feeder , released as the group 's first single in 1996 .	feeling a moment is a song by welsh rock band feeder , from their 2005 album pushing the senses .	seven days in the sun is a song by feeder , released as the second single from their echo park album .	just the way i 'm feeling is a song by welsh rock band feeder , released as the second single from their fourth album comfort in sound .	finale is a song by french dj and record producer madeon , featuring vocals from american singer nicholas petricca of walk the moon .	all of the dreamers is an alternative rock song recorded by australian alternative rock band powderfinger .	contemplate is a song by american electronic dance music producer nicholas chiari ( stage name grabbitz ) and electronic band , savoy .	general grant 's march is a world war i era march song composed by e. mack .	home in pasadena is a song with music by harry warren and lyrics by grant clarke and edgar leslie .	killin ' time is a song written by hayden nicholas and american country music artist clint black , and recorded by black .	simple things is the twelfth studio album by christian music and pop music singer-songwriter amy grant , released in 2003 .	some lonesome night is a song by george w. meyer with lyrics by grant clarke and george whiting .	here is a popular song , with music written by harold grant and lyrics by dorcas cochran , published in 1954 .
i just had sex is a song by american comedy hip hop group the lonely island featuring american singer akon and producer dj frank e .	soulmate is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter justin timberlake .	the cure is a song recorded by american singer and songwriter lady gaga .	teeth is a song recorded by american singer lady gaga .	til it happens to you is a song produced and performed by american singer lady gaga .	perfect illusion is a song recorded by american singer lady gaga .	i know is a new jack swing song by south korean boy group seo taiji and boys .	filthy is a song by american singer-songwriter justin timberlake .	heaven is a song recorded by american rapper jay-z for his twelfth studio album magna carta holy grail ( 2013 ) , featuring american recording artist justin timberlake .	alejandro is a song by american singer lady gaga .	dead and gone is a song by american hip hop recording artist t.i. , featuring american singer-songwriter justin timberlake .	i 'm lovin ' it is a song recorded by american singer-songwriter justin timberlake .	one less lonely girl is a song by canadian recording artist justin bieber .	do what u want is a song by american singer lady gaga , featuring guest vocals from r. kelly .	4 minutes is a song by american singer madonna from her eleventh studio album hard candy ( 2008 ) , featuring vocals by american singers justin timberlake and timbaland .	summer love is a song by american singer justin timberlake from his second studio album futuresex/lovesounds ( 2006 ) .	lady of the island is a folk song written by graham nash in the late 1960s .	almost there is a song written by gloria shayne and jack keller and performed by andy williams .	live and learn is a song by american new jack swing group joe public , released in 1992 as the second single from their self-titled debut album .	have you had your love today is a new jack swing song 1 by the o'jays , released as a single in 1989 .
same song is a song by the rap group , digital underground , from the soundtrack for the movie nothing but trouble .	golden age is a 2008 song by the band tv on the radio , the first single from their album dear science .	five minutes is a song by jerry harrison , bootsy collins and producer daniel lazerus , and credited to bonzo goes to washington .	weapon of choice is a song by english big beat musician fatboy slim featuring american funk musician bootsy collins ; from his third studio album , halfway between the gutter and the stars .	atomic dog is a song by george clinton from his 1982 album computer games .	upside down is a song written , co-produced , and performed by jack johnson for the film curious george .	teen age idol is a song written by jack lewis and performed by rick nelson .	heroin is a song by the velvet underground , released on their 1967 debut album , the velvet underground nico .	bootzilla is a song recorded by bootsy 's rubber band , released on january 13 , 1978 .	goldmine is a song co-written , co-produced and performed by new zealand recording artist kimbra , 4 5 issued as the third single from her second studio album the golden echo .	just a friend is a song written , 2 3 produced 3 and performed by american hip hop artist biz markie .	435 is a song by american hip hop artist tyler , the creator , released as a digital single on may 22 , 2018 .	furniture is a song by amy studt which was released as a digital download single on december 3 , 2007 .	house on old lonesome road is a song written by dave gibson and bernie nelson , and recorded by american country music artist conway twitty .	america 's song is a patriotic song written by will.i.am , david foster and george pajon , jr .	dance little sister is a song by terence trent d'arby , the third single from the 1987 album introducing the hardline according to terence trent d'arby .	eh hee is a song written and recorded by dave matthews that was released as a digital single on september 4 , 2007 .	teen age prayer is a song written by bix reichner and bernie lowe and performed by gale storm .	daddy never was the cadillac kind is a song written by dave gibson and bernie nelson , and recorded by american country music band confederate railroad .	i would die 4 u is a song by prince and the revolution , and the fourth single in the us from their 1984 album , purple rain .
brother is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .	breath is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .	grievance is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .	rearviewmirror is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .	once is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .	jeremy is a song by the american rock band pearl jam , with lyrics written by vocalist eddie vedder and music written by bassist jeff ament .	tremor christ is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .	in hiding is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .	corduroy is a song by the american alternative rock band pearl jam .	glorified g is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .	who you are is a song by american rock band pearl jam .	life wasted is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .	sirens is a song by the american alternative rock band pearl jam .	black is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .	better man is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .	the fixer is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .	just breathe is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .	nothingman is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .	gone is a song by the american rock band pearl jam .	guaranteed is a song written and performed by pearl jam vocalist eddie vedder from the into the wild soundtrack ( 2007 ) .
never say never is a song recorded by american country music artist t. graham brown .	moonshadow road is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist t. graham brown .	the last resort is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist t. graham brown .	brilliant conversationalist is a song written by john hadley , and gary nicholson , and recorded by american country music artist t. graham brown .	do n't go out is a song written by radney foster and bill lloyd , and recorded by american country music artists tanya tucker and t. graham brown .	if you could only see me now is a song written by susan longacre and rick giles , and recorded by american country music artist t. graham brown .	she could n't love me anymore is a song written by mike mcguire , billy henderson and billy maddox , and recorded by american country music artist t. graham brown .	rhythm of love is a song by american rock band plain white t 's .	beautiful brown eyes is a traditional country song .	sticks n stones is the fourth official single by singer-songwriter jamie t .	a dozen red roses is a song recorded by american country music artist tammy graham .	7 years is a song by danish soul-pop band lukas graham from their second studio album , lukas graham .	two separate bar stools is a song written by bill graham .	teach your children is a song by graham nash .	ne t ` enfuis pas is a song written and recorded by kate bush .	brown chicken brown cow is a song recorded by american country artist trace adkins .	drug dealers anonymous is a song by american rapper pusha t .	que je t ` aime is a song by french singer johnny hallyday .	immigration man is a song written by graham nash and recorded by david crosby and graham nash , released as a single in march 1972 .	je t ` aime , je t ` aime , je t ` aime is a song by french singer johnny hallyday from his 1974 studio album je t ` aime , je t ` aime , je t ` aime .
harmony is a song written by bernie taupin and elton john that was originally released by elton john on his 1973 album goodbye yellow brick road .	levon is a song written by elton john and bernie taupin and recorded by elton john .	tiny dancer is a song by elton john with lyrics by bernie taupin .	sorry seems to be the hardest word is a song written by elton john and bernie taupin .	dark diamond is a song by elton john with lyrics by bernie taupin .	son of your father is a song by elton john with lyrics by bernie taupin .	ego is a song by elton john with lyrics by bernie taupin .	ballad of a well-known gun is a song by elton john with lyrics by bernie taupin .	restless is a song by elton john with lyrics by bernie taupin .	one horse town is a song by elton john with lyrics written by bernie taupin .	talking old soldiers is a song by elton john with lyrics by bernie taupin .	rock and roll madonna is a rock and roll song by elton john with lyrics written by bernie taupin .	lady samantha is a song by elton john with lyrics by bernie taupin .	sick city is a song by elton john with lyrics written by bernie taupin .	crazy water is a song by elton john with lyrics written by bernie taupin .	it 's me that you need is a song by elton john with lyrics by bernie taupin .	cage the songbird is a song written by elton john , bernie taupin , and davey johnstone and performed by elton john , first appearing on the album blue moves in 1976 .	all quiet on the western front is a song by elton john with lyrics by bernie taupin .	i want love is a 2001 song by elton john , co-written with bernie taupin .	the bitch is back is a rock song by elton john , written with lyrics from bernie taupin .
goin ' through the big d is a song written by mark wright , john wright and ronnie rogers , and recorded by american country music artist mark chesnutt .	i 'm a saint is a song recorded by american country music artist mark chesnutt .	the lord loves the drinkin ' man is a song recorded by american country music artist mark chesnutt .	thank god for believers is a song co-written by mark alan springer , roger springer and tim johnson and was recorded by the american country music singer mark chesnutt .	your love is a miracle is a song written by bill kenner and mark wright , and recorded by american country music singer mark chesnutt .	ol' country is a song written by bobby harden and recorded by american country music singer mark chesnutt .	i might even quit lovin ' you is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist mark chesnutt .	a good way to get on my bad side is a song recorded by american country music artist tracy byrd featuring mark chesnutt .	gon na get a life is a song written by jim lauderdale and frank dycus , and recorded by american country music singer mark chesnutt .	it 's a little too late is a song co-written and recorded by american country music singer mark chesnutt .	it sure is monday is a song written by dennis linde and recorded by american country music artist mark chesnutt .	it would n't hurt to have wings is a song written by jerry foster , roger lavoie and johnny morris , and recorded by american country music artist mark chesnutt .	bubba shot the jukebox is a song written by dennis linde , and recorded by american country music singer mark chesnutt .	trouble is a song written by todd snider and recorded by american country music artist mark chesnutt .	old flames have new names is a song written by bobby braddock and rafe vanhoy , and recorded by american country music singer mark chesnutt .	too cold at home is a song written by bobby harden , and recorded by american country music singer mark chesnutt .	this heartache never sleeps is a song written by tim johnson and daryl burgess , and recorded by american country music artist mark chesnutt .	it 's not over is a song written by mark wright and larry kingston , and recorded by american country music singer mark chesnutt .	where corn do n't grow is a song written by roger murrah and mark alan springer .	blame it on texas is a song written by ronnie rogers and mark wright , and recorded by american country music singer mark chesnutt .
i 'll be around is a song recorded by the american r b vocal group the spinners ( known as `` detroit spinners '' in the uk ) .	sadie is a song recorded by the american r b vocal group the spinners ( known as `` detroit spinners '' in the uk ) .	the rubberband man is a song recorded by the american vocal group the spinners .	one of a kind ( love affair ) is a song recorded by the american r b vocal group the spinners ( known as `` detroit spinners '' in the uk ) .	could it be i 'm falling in love is a 1972 song recorded by the american r b vocal group the spinners ( known as `` detroit spinners '' in the uk ) .	ghetto child is a 1973 song recorded by american r b music group the spinners ( known as `` detroit spinners '' in the uk ) for the atlantic label .	mighty love is a 1973 song recorded by the american r b vocal group the spinners ( known as `` detroit spinners '' in the uk ) .	games people play , also known as `` they just ca n't stop it ( the games people play ) '' , is a song recorded by american r b vocal group the spinners .	truly yours is a 1966 song and single by the spinners for the motown label .	i 'll always love you is a song co-written by william `` mickey '' stevenson and ivy jo hunter and produced by stevenson and hunter as a single for the spinners on the motown records label .	a love story in the making is a song recorded by american country music artist linda davis .	i 'm yours is a song recorded by american country music artist linda davis .	picture me is a debut song recorded by american country music artist davis daniel .	you 're still new to me is a song written by paul davis and paul overstreet , and recorded by american country music artist marie osmond as a duet with davis .	homebreaker is a song written by skeeter davis and marie wilson .	watching scotty grow is a song written by country music singer-songwriter mac davis .	down boy is a pop/dance song written by rob davis and produced by nellee hooper .	someone else 's star is a country song co-written by skip ewing and jim weatherly , and first recorded by singer davis daniel on his 1994 album davis daniel .	love rain is a 1999 song by jill scott co-written with vidal davis .	bayou pon pon is a song by jimmie davis .
a shot of rhythm and blues is a song written by terry thompson 1 and first recorded by us soul singer arthur alexander .	this bitter earth is a 1960 song made famous by rhythm and blues singer dinah washington .	mashed potatoes u.s.a. is a rhythm and blues song by james brown .	every beat of my heart is a rhythm and blues song by johnny otis .	rosalyn is a song by british rhythm and blues band the pretty things .	here come the nice is a song released by english rhythm and blues group small faces .	california sun is a rock song first recorded by american rhythm and blues singer joe jones .	gypsy woman is a 1961 rhythm and blues song written by curtis mayfield and recorded by his group the impressions .	i 'm a man is a rhythm and blues song written and recorded by bo diddley in 1955 .	the ballad of bonnie and clyde is a song recorded by the british rhythm and blues singer georgie fame .	out of sight is a rhythm and blues song recorded by james brown in 1964 .	my baby left me is a rhythm and blues song written by blues singer arthur crudup .	got ta have you is a 1991 song by american rhythm and blues singer stevie wonder .	the fat man is a song by american rhythm and blues recording artist fats domino .	please , please , please is a rhythm and blues song performed by james brown and the famous flames .	turn on your love light is a rhythm and blues song recorded by bobby bland in 1961 .	i 'll go crazy is a rhythm and blues song recorded by james brown and the famous flames .	you better move on is a 1961 rhythm and blues song by arthur alexander .	i want you so bad is a rhythm and blues song written and recorded by james brown .	baby scratch my back is a 1965 rhythm and blues song by blues singer slim harpo .
you 've got a friend in me is a song by randy newman .	out of my head is a song by english singer john newman .	he gives us all his love is a song written and performed by randy newman .	tiring game is a song by english singer john newman .	i think it 's going to rain today ( or `` i think it 's gon na rain today '' ) is a song by american singer-songwriter randy newman .	losing sleep is a song by english singer john newman .	just one smile is a pop song written by randy newman in 1960 .	come and get it is a song by english singer john newman .	cheating is a song by english singer john newman .	you can leave your hat on is a song written by randy newman and appearing on his 1972 album sail away .	randy newman is the eponymous debut studio album by american singer-songwriter randy newman , released in 1968 by reprise records .	scandy randy is a song by german dance-pop group sqeezer .	sail away is a song by randy newman , the title track of his 1972 album .	love me again is a song by english singer john newman .	we belong together is a song written , composed and performed by randy newman for the 2010 movie toy story 3 .	down in new orleans is a jazz song from disney 's 2009 animated film the princess and the frog , written by randy newman .	heartbeat is a song written by colin newman and originally recorded and released in 1978 by the english rock band wire on their second album chairs missing .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	political science is a song written and performed by singer-songwriter randy newman on his 1972 album , sail away .	again is a popular song with music by lionel newman and words by dorcas cochran .
if only is an alternative rock song performed by scottish singer kt tunstall .	hold on is an alternative rock song performed by scottish singer kt tunstall .	maybe it 's a good thing is a song by scottish recording artist kt tunstall .	evil eye is a song by scottish recording artist kt tunstall .	fade like a shadow is a 2010 song by scottish singer/songwriter kt tunstall .	it took me so long to get here , but here i am is a song by scottish recording artist kt tunstall .	another place to fall is a song by scottish singer kt tunstall .	saving my face is a song performed by scottish singer kt tunstall .	miracle is a song by scottish recording artist kt tunstall for the film winter 's tale .	feel it all is a song by scottish recording artist kt tunstall .	all or nothing is a song by scottish recording artist kt tunstall .	push that knot away is a 2010 song by scottish singer/songwriter kt tunstall .	other side of the world is a song by scottish singer-songwriter kt tunstall and is the opening track on her debut album , eye to the telescope .	under the weather is an alternative rock song performed by scottish singer-songwriter kt tunstall .	suddenly i see is a song by scottish singer-songwriter kt tunstall and is featured on her debut album , eye to the telescope .	we could be kings is a song by scottish recording artist kt tunstall and academy award winning composer a.r.rahman for the film million dollar arm .	santa 's coming for us is a song written by sia and greg kurstin and released on 30 october 2017 as the lead single from sia 's eighth studio album and first christmas album , everyday is christmas .	a walk is a song written by greg graffin from the punk rock group bad religion .	punk rock song is a song written by greg graffin from the punk rock group bad religion .	birth of rock and roll is a 1986 song written by carl perkins and greg perkins .
dreams is a song by van halen released in 1986 from the album 5150 .	jump is a song by american hard rock band van halen .	and the cradle will rock ... is a song written and performed by van halen .	little guitars is a song performed by van halen .	ca n't stop lovin ' you is a song by american hard rock band van halen .	ai n't talkin ' ` bout love is a song by american rock band van halen .	love walks in is one of the five songs issued as singles from van halen 's 1986 album 5150 .	tattoo is the first song and single from the album , a different kind of truth , from american hard rock band van halen .	ca n't get this stuff no more is a song on american hard rock band van halen 's 1996 compilation best of -- volume i .	finish what ya started is a song by van halen taken from their 1988 album ou812 .	unchained is a song from van halen 's fourth album , fair warning .	she 's the woman is the second song and single from the album , a different kind of truth , from american hard rock band van halen .	panama is a song from van halen 's album 1984 .	right now is a rock song written by the group van halen for their album for unlawful carnal knowledge .	hot for teacher is a song by the american rock band van halen , taken from their sixth studio album , 1984 .	poundcake is a van halen song and the opening track on their 1991 album for unlawful carnal knowledge .	black and blue is a rock song written by the group van halen for their 1988 album ou812 .	top of the world is a rock song written by the group van halen for their 1991 album for unlawful carnal knowledge .	amsterdam is a rock song written by the group van halen for their 1995 album balance .	beautiful girls is the last song from van halen 's second album , van halen ii , from 1979 .
going down for the third time is a song written and composed by holland -- dozier -- holland and recorded by motown singing group the supremes in 1967 .	when the lovelight starts shining through his eyes is a song written by holland -- dozier -- holland and recorded in 1963 by motown singing group the supremes .	run , run , run is a 1964 song written by holland -- dozier -- holland and released as a single by motown singing group the supremes .	there 's a ghost in my house is a song written by brian holland , lamont dozier , and eddie holland of motown records , together with r. dean taylor .	you lost the sweetest boy is a song written by holland -- dozier -- holland and released as a single by motown star mary wells .	band of gold is a popular song written and composed by former motown producers holland -- dozier -- holland ( under the pseudonym of edythe wayne ) and ron dunbar .	you keep me hangin ' on is a 1966 song written and composed by holland -- dozier -- holland .	you keep me hangin ' on is a 1966 song written and composed by holland -- dozier -- holland .	leaving here is a song written in 1963 by motown songwriters holland -- dozier -- holland .	forever came today is a 1967 song written and produced by the motown collective of holland -- dozier -- holland , and was first made into a hit as a single for diana ross the supremes in early 1968 .	the night is still young is a single by rock singer billy joel released as a new song from his greatest hits album greatest hits - volume i and ii .	diary is a song written and produced by david gates , which was released by his band bread in 1972 , as a single and on the album baby i 'm - a want you .	cherry , cherry is a song written , composed , and recorded in february - march 1966 by american musician neil diamond .	you 're so pretty - we 're so pretty is a song by british band the charlatans ( known in the united states as the charlatans uk ) .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	light the universe is a song and a single made by the german power metal band helloween from their album keeper of the seven keys - the legacy .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	champion sound is a song by english big beat musician fatboy slim from his compilation album the greatest hits - why try harder .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .
three wonderful letters from home is a world war i song written by ballard macdonald joe goodwin and composed by james f. hanley .	spark is a song performed by scottish singer amy macdonald .	the trail of the lonesome pine is a popular song published in 1913 , with lyrics by ballard macdonald and music by harry carroll .	somebody loves me is a popular song , with music written by george gershwin , and lyrics by ballard macdonald and buddy desylva .	helluva life is a song recorded by american country music artist frankie ballard .	the swing is a song written by robert ellis orrall and bob regan , and recorded by american country music artist james bonamy .	this christmas day is a song by scottish singer-songwriter amy macdonald .	sunshine whiskey is a song recorded by american country music artist frankie ballard .	swing when you 're winning is a swing cover album by english singer-songwriter robbie williams , and his fourth studio album overall .	dream on is a song by scottish recording artist amy macdonald .	take me back to tulsa is a western swing standard song .	young crazy is a song recorded by american country music artist frankie ballard .	f with u is a song by american hip hop recording artist kid ink .	here in my heart is a 1997 song written by glen ballard and james newton howard and performed by chicago .	all mine is a korean song recorded by south korean girl group f ( x ) .	f for you is a song by british electronic music duo disclosure .	strawberry swing is a song by british rock band coldplay .	notgonnachange is a 1992 song by swing out sister .	swing is a 2012 song by slovak hip hop band amo .	all i really want is a song written by alanis morissette and glen ballard , and produced by ballard for morissette 's third album , jagged little pill ( 1995 ) .
kid is a song by british australian singer and songwriter peter andre .	i feel you is the sixth single from british singer-songwriter peter andre 's second studio album , natural .	angels demons is the eighth studio album released by australian singer-songwriter peter andre .	answerphone is a song recorded by canadian production duo banx ranx and english singer ella eyre featuring english rapper yxng bane .	sledgehammer is a song by english rock musician peter gabriel .	peter gabriel is the debut solo studio album by english progressive rock singer-songwriter peter gabriel and the first of four with the same eponymous title .	day is done is a song written by peter yarrow .	behind closed doors is a single by british singer-songwriter peter andre , the first single from his sixth studio album revelation .	restless heart is a song by us singer peter cetera .	love on the run is a song by english electronic dance music artist chicane featuring northern irish singer peter cunnah .	i have the touch is a song by english rock musician peter gabriel from his album peter gabriel ( 1982 ) .	crying in the chapel is song by australian pop singer peter blakeley .	intruder is a song written and performed by english musician peter gabriel .	the robert johnson songbook is an album by the british blues band the peter green splinter group , led by peter green .	legalize it is an album and song by peter tosh .	solsbury hill is a song by english musician peter gabriel .	shock the monkey is a song by english rock musician peter gabriel .	peter frampton is the eleventh studio album by english singer-songwriter peter frampton , released in 1994 .	no sympathy is a pop rock reggae song , written by peter tosh .	the promise you made is a song by peter kingsbery .
down is a song recorded by american girl group fifth harmony for their self-titled third studio album ( 2017 ) .	angel is a song recorded by american group fifth harmony for their self-titled third studio album ( 2017 ) .	deliver is a song recorded by american girl group fifth harmony from their self-titled third studio album ( 2017 ) .	work from home is a song recorded by american girl group fifth harmony featuring american singer ty dolla sign .	that 's my girl is a song recorded by american girl group fifth harmony .	por favor is a song by american rapper pitbull and american girl group fifth harmony for the group 's self-titled third studio album , and was released as its third and final single .	por favor is a song by american rapper pitbull and american girl group fifth harmony for the group 's self-titled third studio album , and was released as its third and final single .	worth it is a song performed by american girl group fifth harmony , featuring american rapper kid ink .	the life is a song recorded by american girl group fifth harmony from their second studio album , 7/27 ( 2016 ) .	life in harmony ( stylized as `` life in harmony '' ) is a song recorded by japanese singer misia for her tenth studio album , soul quest .	harmony hall is a song by american indie pop band vampire weekend .	harmony is a song written by bernie taupin and elton john that was originally released by elton john on his 1973 album goodbye yellow brick road .	harmony in my head is a song by buzzcocks .	harmony is a song written by jimbeau hinson and rick ellsworth , and recorded by american country music artist john conlee .	harmony korine is a song by english musician , songwriter and music producer steven wilson .	move in a little closer , baby is a pop song , first recorded by harmony grass as `` move in a little closer . ''	vulnerable is a song by swedish pop music duo roxette , released as the fifth and final single from their fifth studio album crash !	vanilla is singer-songwriter leah dizon 's fifth single .	harmony is a 1979 song by suzi lane from the album ooh , la , la .	funhouse is the fifth single from american singer-songwriter pink 's fifth studio album of the same name .
all around the world is a song by mexican pop artist paulina rubio from her album , brava !	sorry , sorry is a song performed by south korean boy band super junior .	sex rules is a song recorded by american recording artist sky ferreira for her debut extended play as if !	the joker is a song by the steve miller band from their 1973 album the joker .	signal is a song written by ma-saya , joker , joey carbone , lisa huang and akira for the second single and second studio album of the japanese boy band , kat-tun .	dollhouse is an electropop song by american pop singer-songwriter priscilla renea from her debut album , jukebox .	joker the thief is a song by australian rock band wolfmother .	electropop is a song released from the electronic dance group jupiter rising 's album electropop .	beautiful is a dance and pop song by former dance duo , disco montego , featuring guest vocals by katie underwood .	ode to the bouncer is a song written , performed and produced by electropop group studio killers .	caliente ( english : `` hot '' ) is a song by argentine singer lali featuring vocals from brazilian singer pabllo vittar , from her third studio album , brava ( 2018 ) .	execute me is a song by danish electropop singer medina .	emergency is a song by swedish electropop duo icona pop , taken from the ep of the same name .	rhythm bandits is a song by danish band junior senior .	saving light is a song by english trance producers gareth emery and standerwick , featuring american electropop singer-songwriter haliene .	i want it all is a song by american electropop duo dangerous muse , released on december 15 , 2009 .	dance , bunny honey , dance is a song by penny mclean released as the first single of her album penny in 1977 .	dance , dance , dance is a song composed by brian and carl wilson with lyrics by brian wilson and mike love for the american rock band the beach boys .	if madonna calls is a song by american dj and record producer junior vasquez , released as a single on june 7 , 1996 , by groovilicious records .	next time you see me is a blues song recorded in 1956 by junior parker ( as `` little junior parker '' as he was then known ) .
window seat is a song by erykah badu .	tyrone is a song by singer erykah badu .	soldier is a song by erykah badu released as the second single from her fifth album , new amerykah part one ( 4th world war ) .	otherside of the game is a song by american r b singer erykah badu .	honey is a song by erykah badu , released on december 11 , 2007 , as the lead single from her 2008 album new amerykah part one ( 4th world war ) .	danger is a song by r b singer erykah badu released in 2003 .	my girl is a song by american country music singer dylan scott .	nite flights is a song written by american singer-songwriter scott walker under his given name scott engel .	golden is the first single released by american soul and r b singer-songwriter jill scott , from her third album beautifully human : words and sounds vol .	hooked is a song by american country music singer dylan scott .	you are the reason is a song by british singer-songwriter calum scott .	back to life ( however do you want me ) is a song by british r b band soul ii soul .	antidote is a song by american rapper travis scott .	sweet soul music is a soul song , first released by arthur conley in 1967 .	it 's a great day to be alive is a song written by darrell scott .	maria i 'm drunk is a song by american rapper travis scott .	invincible is a song by english soul and r b singer lemar from his fifth studio album , invincible ( 2012 ) .	primetime is a song by american psychedelic soul and r b singer janelle monáe featuring miguel .	lovely day is a song by american soul and r b singer bill withers .	oopdeewopdee is a hip hop , r b , and soul song by casablanca records recording group nss16 .
kids with cars is a song recorded by canadian country rock singer dallas smith .	carry on is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist pat green .	paper rosie is a song written and originally recorded by canadian country music artist dallas harms .	this ai n't dallas is a song written and recorded by american country music artist hank williams jr. .	dallas is a song written by american country music artists alan jackson and keith stegall , and recorded by jackson .	country star is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist pat green .	what kinda love is a song recorded by canadian country rock artist dallas smith .	nothing but summer is a song recorded by canadian country rock artist dallas smith .	city girl is a song by the irish alternative rock musician kevin shields .	somebody somewhere is a song recorded by canadian country rock artist dallas smith .	end love is an alternative rock song by ok go from the album of the blue colour of the sky .	baby doll is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist pat green .	take back the city is a song from alternative rock band snow patrol 's fifth album a hundred million suns .	white knuckles is a song by alternative rock band ok go from the album of the blue colour of the sky .	jumped right in is a song recorded by canadian country rock artist dallas smith .	swerve city is a song by american alternative metal band deftones .	fourteen carat mind is a song written by dallas frazier and larry lee , and recorded by american country music artist gene watson .	the family of man is a song written in 1955 by karl dallas , under the name fred dallas .	livin ' for you is a song recorded by al green and co-written by green and willie mitchell .	play it again is a song written by dallas davidson and ashley gorley and recorded by american country music artist luke bryan .
think i need it too is a song by the british rock band echo the bunnymen .	substitute is a song by the english rock band the who , written by pete townshend .	within me is a song by italian gothic metal band lacuna coil .	overture is a song by english rock band the who , written by pete townshend .	she 's in parties is a song by english gothic rock band bauhaus .	responsibility is a song by punk rock band , mxpx .	kiss me goodnight , sergeant major is a world war ii soldier 's song .	lost in the echo is a song by american rock band linkin park , from their fifth studio album living things .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	my savior is a christian rock song sung by krystal meyers , composed by her and ian eskelin .	envie de vivre ( `` the will to live '' ) was the belgian entry in the eurovision song contest 2000 , performed in french by nathalie sorce .	cherry , cherry is a song written , composed , and recorded in february - march 1966 by american musician neil diamond .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .	once bitten , twice shy is a 1975 song written and recorded by ian hunter , from his debut solo album ian hunter , which reached no .	les mômes de la cloche is a song which became the first studio recording made by édith piaf .	toutes les femmes de ta vie ( english : all the girls in your life ) is a 2001 song recorded by french girl group l5 .	de do do do , de da da da is a song by the police , released as a single in december 1980 .	les yeux de la mama is a song by kendji girac from the album ensemble .	les valses de vienne is a 1989 song originally recorded by the french artist françois feldman for his 1989 album , une présence and was the second singles release from that album in november of the same year .	rien dans les mains , rien dans les poches is a french popular song composed in 1948 by henri betti with the lyrics by andré hornez .
favorite state of mind is a song recorded by american country music artist josh gracin .	unbelievable is a song written by jeffrey steele and al anderson , and recorded by american country music band diamond rio .	cold beer with your name on it is a song recorded by american country music artist josh thompson .	if i could just get to you is a song recorded by canadian country music artist duane steele .	chrome is a song written by anthony smith and jeffrey steele and recorded by american country music artist trace adkins .	a cowboy 's born with a broken heart is a song written by chris farren and jeffrey steele , and recorded by american country music band boy howdy .	hell yeah is a song written by jeffrey steele and craig wiseman , and recorded by american country music duo montgomery gentry .	hometown girl is a song recorded by american country music artist josh turner .	could n't last a moment is a song written by danny wells and jeffrey steele , and recorded by american country music singer collin raye .	speed is a song written by jeffrey steele and chris wallin , and recorded by american country music duo montgomery gentry .	undiscovered is a song written by british singer james morrison , martin brammer , steve robson and performed by morrison .	they do n't make 'em like that anymore is a song written by chris farren and jeffrey steele , and recorded by american country music group boy howdy .	long black train is a song written and recorded by american country music singer josh turner .	my town is a song written by reed nielsen and jeffrey steele and recorded by american country music duo montgomery gentry .	big deal is a song written by jeffrey steele and al anderson , and recorded by american country music artist leann rimes .	firecracker is a song co-written and recorded by american country music artist josh turner .	stuck on your love is a song recorded by canadian country music artist duane steele .	forever in love is a song recorded by canadian country music artists shirley myers and duane steele .	the trouble with love is a song recorded by canadian country music artist duane steele .	tell the girl is a song recorded by canadian country music artist duane steele .
ca n't stop myself from loving you is a song recorded by american country music artist patty loveless .	a little bit in love is a song recorded by american country music artist patty loveless .	'' 'til you cry '' is a song written by steve bogard and rick giles , and recorded by american country music artist eddy raven .	here i am is a song written by tony arata , and recorded by american country music artist patty loveless .	the lonely side of love is a song written by kostas , and recorded by american country music artist patty loveless .	on down the line is a song written by kostas , and recorded by american country music artist patty loveless .	blue side of town is a song written by paul kennerley and hank devito , and recorded by american country music artist patty loveless .	hangin ' in is a song written by steve bogard and rick giles , and recorded by american country music artist tanya tucker .	blame it on your heart is a song written by harlan howard and kostas , and recorded by american country music artist patty loveless .	blue memories is a song written by karen brooks and paul kennerley , and recorded by american country music artist patty loveless .	hurt me bad ( in a real good way ) is a song written by deborah allen and rafe vanhoy , and recorded by american country music artist patty loveless .	i 'm that kind of girl is a song written by matraca berg and ronnie samoset , and recorded by american country music artist patty loveless .	if you could only see me now is a song written by susan longacre and rick giles , and recorded by american country music artist t. graham brown .	the trouble with the truth is a song written by gary nicholson , and recorded by american country music artist patty loveless .	you just watch me is a song written by bob regan and rick giles .	i wan na hear it from you is a song written by nancy montgomery and rick giles , and recorded by american country music artist eddy raven .	you 're never too old for young love is a song written by frank j. myers and rick giles , and recorded by american country music artist eddy raven .	is there life out there is a song written by susan longacre and rick giles , and recorded by american country music singer reba mcentire .	wild man is a song written by susan longacre and rick giles , and recorded by american country music singer ricky van shelton .	should n't it be easier than this is a song written by john jarrard and rick giles , and recorded by american country music artist charley pride .
dormir contigo ( english : `` sleep with you '' ) 1 is a song written by armando manzanero and produced and performed by mexican singer luis miguel .	si no te hubiera conocido ( english : `` if i had n't known you '' ) is a song by american recording artist christina aguilera and puerto rican singer luis fonsi .	mi pc ( english : my pc ) is a song written and performed by dominican singer-songwriter juan luis guerra and his group , 4-40 .	o tú o ninguna ( english : `` or you or nobody '' ) 1 is a song written by juan carlos calderón and produced and performed by mexican singer luis miguel .	habana is a song written by luis morera and performed by spanish singer miguel bosé with mexican singer alejandro fernández as a guest artist .	hijo de la luna ( english : `` child of the moon '' ) is a song written by josé maría cano performed originally by the spanish band mecano with lead singer ana torroja .	hasta que me olvides ( `` until you forget me '' ) is a song written by juan luis guerra and performed by mexican recording artist luis miguel .	no me doy por vencido ( english : i do n't give up ) is a spanish language song by puerto rican singer-songwriter luis fonsi .	la llave de mi corazón ( english : the key of my heart ) is a 2007 hit song from juan luis guerra that has won numerous latin awards .	libre ( `` free '' ) is a song by josé luis armenteros and pablo herrero , first performed and made popular by spanish pop star nino bravo on his 1972 album of the same name .	tu amor is a song written by jeremías and performed by puerto rican singer luis fonsi .	crowded is a 2006 r b song released as the first official single from jeannie ortega 's debut album , no place like bklyn .	say a word was the austrian entry in the eurovision song contest 2002 , performed in english by manuel ortega .	me gustas tal como eres ( spanish for `` i like you just the way you are '' ) is a song written juan carlos calderón and luis gómez escolar , produced by calderón , and performed by scottish singer sheena easton in a duet with mexican singer luis miguel .	es mi mujer ( `` it 's my woman '' ) is a song written by luis gómez escolar and k. c. porter , produced by juan carlos calderón and performed by mexican singer emmanuel .	amnesia is a song written by chico novarro and dino ramos , produced by óscar lópez and daniel freiberg and performed by mexican singer josé josé .	nada es para siempre ( english : `` nothing is forever '' ) is a song written by amaury gutiérrez and recorded by puerto rican singer luis fonsi in 2005 .	soy de san luis is a song written by santiago jiménez , jr .	aquí estoy yo ( english : here i am ) is a song written by luis fonsi , claudia brant and gen rubin ; it was produced by luis fonsi and sebastián krys for fonsi 's seventh studio album palabras del silencio ( 2008 ) , and it is performed by luis fonsi , aleks syntek , david bisbal , and noel schajris .	imposible is a song by puerto rican singers luis fonsi and ozuna , released on october 19 , 2018 by universal music latin .
albuquerque is the last song of `` weird al '' yankovic 's running with scissors album .	lasagna is a song by `` weird al '' yankovic .	dare to be stupid is an original song by `` weird al '' yankovic .	you do n't love me anymore is a song by american recording artist `` weird al '' yankovic .	the night santa went crazy is an original song by `` weird al '' yankovic .	ebay is a song by `` weird al '' yankovic .	i want a new duck is a song by `` weird al '' yankovic .	i lost on jeopardy is a song by `` weird al '' yankovic from his second album , `` weird al '' yankovic in 3-d .	eat it is a 1984 song by comedy music artist `` weird al '' yankovic .	it 's all about the pentiums is a song by `` weird al '' yankovic .	bedrock anthem is a song by `` weird al '' yankovic which was featured on his 1993 album alapalooza .	do n't be messin ' ` round is a song by american recording artist michael jackson .	ai n't talkin ' ` bout love is a song by american rock band van halen .	ai n't thinkin ' ` bout you is a song by rapper bow wow .	nuthin ' but a ` g ' thang is a song by american rapper dr .	the knoc is a song by american rapper , knoc-turn ` al .	'' ` pride n joy ' '' is a song written by american rapper fat joe .	talkin ' ` bout you is a song written by ray charles .	je t ` aime , je t ` aime , je t ` aime is a song by french singer johnny hallyday from his 1974 studio album je t ` aime , je t ` aime , je t ` aime .	'' ` face the face ' '' is a song by pete townshend .
overkill is a song by the british hard rock band motörhead .	i got mine is a song by the british heavy metal band motörhead .	no class is a song by the british heavy metal band motörhead .	killed by death is a song by the english heavy metal band motörhead .	do n't let daddy kiss me is a song by the british heavy metal band motörhead .	bomber is a song by the english heavy metal band motörhead , recorded and released in 1979 ( see 1979 in music ) .	eat the rich is a song by british heavy metal band motörhead .	shine is a song by the british heavy metal band motörhead taken from the another perfect day album and released in 1983 on 7 '' and 12 '' vinyl .	weekend is a song recorded by eddie cochran .	speed of sound is a song by british rock band coldplay .	speed demon is a song by american recording artist michael jackson from his seventh studio album , bad .	two tickets to paradise is a song by american rock singer eddie money from his 1977 self-titled debut album , eddie money .	ace of spades is a song by english heavy metal band motörhead , released in 1980 as a single and the title track to the album ace of spades .	kings of speed is a 1975 song by the british space rock group hawkwind .	eddie my love is a 1956 doo wop song .	evert is a song written by eddie meduza .	let 'em in is a song by wings from their 1976 album wings at the speed of sound .	speed is a song by french artist zazie released in 2018 .	there 's a ghost in my house is a song written by brian holland , lamont dozier , and eddie holland of motown records , together with r. dean taylor .	sweetie pie is a song written by eddie cochran , jerry capehart , and johnny russell and recorded by eddie cochran .
somebody 's doin ' me right is a song written by j. fred knobloch , paul overstreet and dan tyler , and by american country music artist keith whitley .	hello goodbye is a song recorded by american country music artist tyler farr .	electric is a song recorded by swedish artist leila k .	hot mess is a debut song recorded by american country music artist tyler farr .	dreamland is a song recorded by japanese music duo bennie k .	diary is a song written and produced by david gates , which was released by his band bread in 1972 , as a single and on the album baby i 'm - a want you .	the night is still young is a single by rock singer billy joel released as a new song from his greatest hits album greatest hits - volume i and ii .	you 're so pretty - we 're so pretty is a song by british band the charlatans ( known in the united states as the charlatans uk ) .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	better in boots is a song recorded by american country music artist tyler farr .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	be my escape is a song by christian rock band relient k .	light the universe is a song and a single made by the german power metal band helloween from their album keeper of the seven keys - the legacy .	the truth is a song by the christian rock band relient k .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	open sesame is a song by swedish eurodance artist leila k .	champion sound is a song by english big beat musician fatboy slim from his compilation album the greatest hits - why try harder .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .	cherry , cherry is a song written , composed , and recorded in february - march 1966 by american musician neil diamond .	bobbie sue is a song written by wood newton , dan tyler and adele tyler , and recorded by american country music group the oak ridge boys .
1 +1 is a song recorded by american recording artist beyoncé for her fourth studio album , 4 ( 2011 ) .	run the world ( girls ) is a song recorded by american recording artist beyoncé , from her fourth studio album 4 ( 2011 ) , released as the lead single from the album on april 21 , 2011 .	pop diva ( stylized as `` pop diva '' ) is a song recorded by japanese musician kumi koda , taken as the fourth and final single from her ninth studio album dejavu ( 2011 ) .	caminando is a song written and produced by amaia montero for her 2011 album 2 .	2 become 1 is a song by american pop singer -- songwriter jewel from her fourth studio album , 0304 ( 2003 ) .	superstar is a song recorded by south korean pop duo tohoshinki , taken from their fifth japanese studio album , tone ( 2011 ) .	you 're so pretty - we 're so pretty is a song by british band the charlatans ( known in the united states as the charlatans uk ) .	do n't go breaking my heart is a song by swedish recording artist agnes , released on september 21 , 2011 as a promotional single .	21 things i want in a lover ( sometimes referred as just `` 21 things '' ) is a song recorded by canadian singer-songwriter alanis morissette for her fifth studio album , under rug swept ( 2002 ) .	invincible is a song recorded by canadian pop rock group hedley for their fourth studio album , storms ( 2011 ) .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	let it fly is a song by american hip hop recording artist maino , released on june 21 , 2011 , the song serves as the lead single from his second studio album the day after tomorrow .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	all night is a pop rock 1 and power pop 2 song by american pop rock band r5 .	bank account is a song by american rapper 21 savage .	follow the nightingale is a song by kokia , released as her 18th single on november 21 , 2007 .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	love spreads is a song by the stone roses , released on 21 november 1994 as the first single from their second album second coming .	21 is a song recorded by american singer hunter hayes as the lead single for his third studio album , the 21 project ( 2015 ) .
hold on is a song recorded by american vocal group wilson phillips .	the dream is still alive is a song recorded by wilson phillips and released as a single in june 1991 .	release me is a song written and recorded by wilson phillips , their second single from their debut album wilson phillips .	you 're in love is a 1991 song by the pop rock band wilson phillips .	raging fire is a song by american recording artist phillip phillips , from his second studio album , behind the light .	safe in my garden is a song written by john phillips , and recorded by the mamas and the papas .	love and mercy is a song written by brian wilson and the opening track to his 1988 debut solo album brian wilson .	gone , gone , gone is a song recorded by american recording artist phillip phillips from his debut album the world from the side of the moon .	here in my heart is a 1997 song written by glen ballard and james newton howard and performed by chicago .	paul phillips is an english singer-songwriter , journalist at music week , and a former a r man and record producer at cbs records .	all i really want is a song written by alanis morissette and glen ballard , and produced by ballard for morissette 's third album , jagged little pill ( 1995 ) .	your imagination is a song written by brian wilson , joe thomas and steve dahl for brian wilson 's 1998 solo album imagination .	friends is a song written by brian wilson , carl wilson , dennis wilson and al jardine for the american rock band the beach boys .	river song is a song written by dennis wilson and his younger brother carl wilson .	sugartime is a popular song written by charlie phillips and odis echols and published in 1957 .	darlin ' is a song written by brian wilson and mike love , recorded by american rock band the beach boys with carl wilson on lead vocal .	lift him up that 's all is a gospel blues song recorded in 1927 by washington phillips .	life happened is a song written by kerry kurt phillips and patrick jason matthews , and recorded by american country music artist tammy cochran .	go where you wan na go is a 1965 song written by john phillips .	kokomo is a song written by john phillips , scott mckenzie , mike love , and terry melcher and recorded by american rock band the beach boys .
holiday is a song recorded by american singer madonna for her eponymous debut album madonna ( 1983 ) .	sorry is a song by american singer madonna from her tenth studio album confessions on a dance floor ( 2005 ) .	borderline is a song recorded by american singer madonna for her eponymous debut album madonna ( 1983 ) .	jump is a song by american singer madonna from her tenth studio album confessions on a dance floor ( 2005 ) .	jump is a song by american singer madonna from her tenth studio album confessions on a dance floor ( 2005 ) .	get together is a song by american singer madonna from her tenth studio album confessions on a dance floor ( 2005 ) .	hung up is a song by american singer madonna from her tenth studio album confessions on a dance floor ( 2005 ) .	baby i 'm - a want you is a popular song by the american pop-rock band bread .	coachella - woodstock in my mind is a song by american singer lana del rey .	gim me three steps is a song by southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd released on its 1973 debut album , ( pronounced ` lĕh - ` nérd ` skin - ` nérd ) .	beautiful is a dance and pop song by former dance duo , disco montego , featuring guest vocals by katie underwood .	on and on is a song by the swedish singer agnes and the first single from dance love pop .	dance dance dance is a song by english musician james cottriall .	jalousi is a song performed by danish pop , dance and r b singer and songwriter medina .	here i am is a pop dance song performed by the swedish band alcazar .	i wan na have some fun is a pop -- dance song performed by british singer samantha fox .	alibi is a pop / dance song released in 2013 by the swedish singer of persian origin eddie razaz .	i-feel-like-i 'm - fixin ' - to-die rag is a song by the american psychedelic rock band country joe and the fish , written by country joe mcdonald , and first released as the opening track on the extended play rag baby talking issue no .	giv slip is a song performed by danish pop , dance and r b singer and songwriter medina .	når intet er godt nok is a song performed by danish pop , dance and r b singer and songwriter medina .
eraser is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran from his third studio album ÷ ( 2017 ) .	new man is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran from his third studio album ÷ ( 2017 ) .	perfect is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran from his third studio album , ÷ ( 2017 ) .	shape of you is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	sing is a song by english singer-songwriter , ed sheeran .	the a team is the debut single by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	galway girl is a song recorded by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	castle on the hill is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	give me love is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	dive is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	lego house is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	tenerife sea is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	i see fire is a song recorded and produced by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	the man is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	drunk is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	nancy mulligan is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	reuf is a song by french hip hop artist nekfeu featuring english musician ed sheeran .	all of the stars is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	supermarket flowers is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .	hearts do n't break around here is a song by english singer-songwriter ed sheeran .
